Chapter 1 : Search

Blood was coughed forth, warm and scarlet red, while the cold winds of the night howled against the shrouded world and all in its path. Trees shivered and swayed, as they whined at the cold that burrowed into their bark. Faint flakes of snow and ice accentuated the cold and fell on slated roofs and those that guarded them. Though, for what strength and defense a holy structure could bear, it was defenseless against the blight that had already burrowed within.
Incomprehensible mumbles filled the halls, and shadows danced on the walls. From those of humble origins who simply served, to those born into silver and gold, conjecture and doubt reigned. Yet, for the congregation that gathered, there was one group among them that seemed different, both for where they stood and the role they played; the physicians.
"Where is Janos?" Tomas asked, throwing his dark eyes and messy hair on the figures he could see with cautious glances. His the thought of so much as a wave.
arms hung from his sides like ropes, tired muscles struggling at
"That's not important," Peter, his fellow physician replied, scratching his fair hair and trying to wipe off the grease and sweat that was endlessly proliferating his face, "We need a plan, before our heads are on pikes."
"We need Janos, where is he?" Tomas asked again.
"He is with the Queen, again." Peter replied with a nervous demeanor; once more wiping his nose and rubbing off the filth on his sleeve. "Keep your voice down, before you get us killed.
And help me think. We need a plan."
"He is with the Queen at a time like this, even though the King is-?" Tomas began to ask, though before he could, he was interrupted by the presence of another who forced a shiver up his spine.
"The King is what?" A man by the name of Istan demanded to know, marching towards the door they loitered before and throwing off the flakes of ice and snow that clung to him. He stood taller than both men, his thick neck stretching from the large, but richly ordained body below. Fine fabrics of rich colors called any eyes that wandered, though it was the opulence that came in the form of gold and silver that kept it. Yet, for all the gold and silver, it could only do so much to keep eyes off his thin mustache and combed over dark hair. "Go on, speak, I haven't got all night!"
"My lord!" The two physicians said, in a panicked unison as they bowed.
"Did I ask you to lick my boots?" Istvan asked with a tumultuous tone. "Answer my question, now. Or so help me, you very well will know what I stepped in when you lick them." The two physicians stole a glance to one another, silently holding a conversation with their wrinkles and eyes. "My lord—"Tomas began, though quickly trailed off and bit the inside of his own cheek.
THE STOLEN CROWN
The King-" Peter added
uncertainty, though he could not finish other than with a faint weak mumble. "The King..."
"I suppose I should go and see for myself!" Istan proclaimed. "You two going to wait out here while the man you're here to see goes unchecked?" He demanded to know, pressing past them. "Get out of my way and get back to work!"
With a hard push that threw open the door, Istan strode into the room. It was a crowded space, the furniture and decorations lost to the mob of nobles that occupied it.
scene, seeming to advance and retreat, much like the waves of the tide. With nods and glares, and a half dozen daggers behind every smile, Istan was quick to distinguish friends from foes.
Though it was the King that called his attention, as it did everyone.
On a bed alone, lay the man they had all been summoned to see, the man whose blood and authority held the Kingdom in place. Yet, at that moment he was all but drained. His skin was pale, drenched by sweat, the hairs from his head clinging to his skin and doing little to hide his sickliness. Drool hugged the pillows, and the indignities of his own body lay apparent by smell lone. His eyes, when opened, held a look of pain that glazed ver all sight in his view, while the panted breaths of his lungs aised his chest in a manner that screamed of what was to come.
In the company of the whispers, Istan took a knee besides e bed, though quickly shuffled over when a wetness pressed ainst him.
"Sorry," Peter said softly, as he returned to his post and inced at a piss bucket. "I spilled some... Something there lier."
Istan scowled ignoring the comment and smell as best as he Id, while turning his attention to the task that lay just out of
d. With a reach, he extended his arm and opened his hand to p the limb of the King he served.
"My King?" he asked softly, though to no audible reply, as the mumbles of a groan were all that left the royal lips. "My King?" Istan asked again much to the same result. With a sigh, he rose and turned to his fellow nobles, though not before ordering the physicians in a manner to gain praise. "The two of you, get back to work."
With quick movements, Tomas and Peter hurried to either side of the bed and began their tasks once again. They brought forth a multitude of objects and dried plants, waving to one another with discreet orders. Though, time and time again they turned their eyes to their books for guidance, each page revealing the harsh reality of a situation they already knew.
"This could not have come at a worse time," Istvan said in anger, as he took his place beside the other nobles. "The Ottomans are on our borders waiting for the moment to push into our territory. If there is no figure of authority to rule, they will take advantage of the weakness. We need a plan, if this gets any worse... When this gets worse."
The room roused itself with the harsh words of what the future could bring, noble men already cutting the kingdom apart with their desires and preparations. All the while, the truth of the scene lay apparent to only the two physicians.
Tomas and Peter watched with wide eyes, as they stared at the King, who had finally fallen still. His gaze was endless, staring out at something none of the living could see. His breaths were still, and the drops of blood that had pooled, were left to run dry. With a glance to one another, they pressed their ears to his chest. There the two of them lingered for a moment, before they silently shared a look of fear, while the mumbles and greed of those in the room were oblivious to the still heart before them all.
With a nod to one another, the physicians slowly shuffled their way to the door. Step after step, they moved in silence. Yet, before they could reach the door, a voice held them in place.
"What?" Istan demanded, as his eyes leaped from his patron to the two physicians and back again.
"He's gone..." Tomas whispered softly. "The King is...
Dead..."
All eyes fell to the tranquil King, a somber silence befalling the room. Like the still surface of a body of water, a calm lay on each guest's face, though below the veiled mask each wore, a turbulence quickly drew to the surface.
"Where is she?" Istvan demanded to know, his voice finally asking what all those besides him thought. "Where is the Queen?"

Chapter 2 : The Beginning

A still tranquility enveloped the room, as the faint crackle of the fire whispered to the smoke. The warmth it exuded soaked into the rich wood furniture, ornate tapestries, and the two living souls occupying the room.
They stood in the embrace of each other's beating heart, listening and feeling each rise and fall of pressure. Their warm breath tickled against each other's soft skin, the clothes between them doing little to stop what act they were committing.
With each moment that passed, the man held his place, his eyes closed, as if waiting for something. The soft red ordained gown that belonged to his companion, was all that kept the sharp features of his face and long loose hair from touching her skin.
Though, before he could discern what he was waiting for, the sound of heavy feet rapidly approached.
With a hard 'thwack' the door swung open with a fury.
"You can't go in there!" A voice that would have otherwise been heavenly said, as she tried to stop the unexpected and uninvited guest.
"Move!" Istan ordered with a bark, his heavy feet carrying him through the threshold.
"I am sorry your Grace," a woman by the name of Helene Kottanner said, hurrying to stop him. The simple yellow gown she wore hugged her thin, yet tall body, while the faint hint of her golden hair fell from her braided locks, obstructing a few of the scattered freckles that kissed her skin and climbed down her thin neck. Her eyes held a gentle color of a calm body of water, as the soft pink of her lips invited a second glance, though not at that moment.
"What the hell is going on?" Istan asked with wide eyes and anger, catching the two in the act they had been entwined in while the King had passed away.
"You should knock," Queen Elizabeth said softly with a tilt of her head. Her unbound red and golden hair fell to her shoulders, as the exposed skin that flowed down her neck to the cusp of her shoulder held a tantalizing purity devoid of a blemish or mark of labor. Her eyes peered at her guest with a calm expression that was made evermore soft by the hazel color they held. Yet, while her soft red lips seemed as delicate as her voice, they held an authority that forced all to attention, if for only a moment.
"And you!" Istan shouted, as he pulled his eyes from his lingering stare of the Queen and threw them onto the physician, Janos. "What the hell do you think you're doing with your head on her chest? And while he, your King, is still warm no less! I should have you in chains for the mere thought of such a thing!" The fingers of both Queen Elizabeth and Janos were quick to reply, as both held their index fingers extended demanding silence; the first on her soft lips, the second suspended in the air.
For the embrace that was shared was no lay in the biblical sense, or any such connection that bound two and made them one.
Rather, one sat in the chair, while the other pressed closely against her, listening for the secrets that were within her.
"Why, you--|" Istan began to protest, though before he could, he was rendered silent by a third finger, that of Helene who moved to stand in his path.
Silence held the air for a moment, as Janos continued his labor. He wiggled his ear, searching for a beat hidden within a beat, until suddenly with a nod and his eyes thrown wide open, he pulled his ear off of the Queen and turned his attention to those in his company.
"It will be a boy," He explained with a calm, yet confident tone. "I am sure of it. The King and you, my Queen, will have a son."
"What the hell were you doing?" Istan demanded to know, storming over to him and swallowing him in his shadow.
"I was checking her heart, as well as that of the King's unborn son," Janos calmly replied.
"Yes," Elizabeth answered. "As I have long suspected. I will give birth to a son."
A loud scoff and a roll of his eyes was all that Istvan did, as he collected the right words on his tongue. "The King is dead." All eyes fell to the Queen for a moment, as words from her company fell precariously close from being spilled from each of their still lips.
"A shame he has passed without knowing that he will have a son," Elizabeth finally said, as she lowered her head and offered a payer. "I can only pray now that God will tell him."
With a loud grunt, Istvan bit his tongue in frustration and held the words that wished to wiggle forth from escape. Though, he did not hold it at bay for long, as he turned his eyes to the physician whom he held authority over. "Where the hell were you? Where were you when the King, our King, was coughing up blood?"
"There was nothing more that could have been done when he was alive," Janos replied. "He was doomed. The forces that were saw it so. Nothing more I could have done than hold his
hand. Therefore, I saw to tend to his memory and tend to his wife and unborn son, as was requested of me."
"Other men would call abandoning him traitorous," Istvan said softly, staring the man down so closely that the smell of his last meal filled the air between them.
Janos held his gaze for a moment, before fanning the smell and warm breath out of his face. "Onions?"
Like a beast, Istan's nostrils flared wide and a low snarl formed in the back of his throat. His knuckles cracked as he fisted them into balls and the muscles on his thick neck tightened. Yet, before he could do anything, he was interrupted, and his bravado sapped.
"If there is nothing else, I would like a moment to collect myself before I see to my husband," Elizabeth said,
from her chair. The gown she wore shifted with her weight, the soft cloth hugging her body and its curves, though the bump that was her pregnancy drew each person's eyes, further accentuated by the cupped embrace.
"This way," Helene said with a gesture towards the door, waving the men out. "Right this way please."
"My Queen," Janos said with a bow, taking his leave.
Istvan however, was far from cordial, as he lingered and watched the other man go.
"My lord," Helene ordered, pulling his attention and making her point with a raised eyebrow and a nod of her head.
With another grumble, Istan turned to leave, mumbling a faint measure of respect. "Queen."
As the two left and made their way down the hall, there was still one who remained with the Queen.
"Is there anything else that you need?" Helene asked.
Elizabeth, was silent, merely staring out beyond the light of her room and into the hallway where the whispers of footsteps were all but gone.
"My Queen?" Helene asked softly as she stepped closer, placing her hand on her arm.
"Is there anything you need?" Helene asked again with a look of concern.
"No, no," Elizabeth replied softly, lingering between her thoughts and the question at hand.
"Then I will leave you for now," Helene said as she pulled away and made her way to the door. Her fingers touched the smooth surface, though before the hinges could begin to whine, they were made still at the request of authority.
"Helene," Elizabeth said.
"Yes, what can I do for you?" Helene asked back from the doorway.
Elisabeth opened her mouth, though no words escaped her lips. With swift movements, she moved to the door and forced it closed. "Since I was born and given my name, I have known this life for twenty-nine years. I know what is coming."
"My Queen?" Helene asked. "Is something wrong?"
"Helene," Elizabeth said with a soft voice. "I have a favor I must ask. I don't need an answer now, but I must ask it."
"Anything," Helene replied with a smile, oblivious to what words would come.
Elizabeth stroked her belly as if she touched her unborn child, though when she turned to Helene, a fire burned in her eyes. "Would you really do anything? Would you risk your life?"
"Would you do anything?" Elizabeth continued, as she stepped closer to her friend. "Even at the risk of your children's lives?"

Chapter 3 : For An Answer

The cold winds blew against the loose folds of a cloak, as the figure that wore it moved with heavy feet around the structures of the village. His pace was a quick one, only ever made slow when the winds tried to rob him of his balance and sap him of his strength. Though for each gust and the howl that accompanied it, he marched on, past the structures and the warmth that slowly left the corpse of the King.
"Damned physician," Istan grumbled to himself, kicking the small pile of snow he came across. Heavy breaths forced the air from his lungs and into the night with a grumble. He bit his nail, standing just beyond the rays of light from one of the structures, before quickly throwing his hand through the air in frustration. "This is a disaster. A God damned disaster. Stuck in this one-horse village with nothing to do other than wait. This is-"
Before another word could be uttered, a voice interrupted him, reaching out beyond the light. "What seems to be the problem, Istan? Can't think of a good plan?" The figure said from the shadows with the whisper of a snake.
Istvan's eyes narrowed, trying to make shape of the source of the voice within the shadow. "Who's there?"
Approaching like the winter's cold, a figure slowly emerged into the light. The silver hilt of a sheathed dagger was the first thing to reveal itself, as the shimmer and gleam of the finely crafted instrument demanded attention. It held the eye, but as the wielder stepped forward and took shape, it lay second to him, though only by nail. His hair was curly, his posture lousy and the slight inclination of crossed eyes seemed to mark his vision.
What features he had were far from pleasant, whether superficial or deep, though they were productive.
"Fodor Gorgein," Istan said with a hiss. "What the hell is your ugly self doing here?"
"What has you so flustered?" His revealed company asked with a laugh that ignored the words just spoken. "You look like you just stepped into something."
"The King is dead," Istan replied in anger, protruding his jaw and grinding his teeth.
"So?" Fodor asked indifferently. "People die all the time.
You never get worked up about it. Well, generally speaking."
"This is different," Istan replied. "This is a King... This is the King."
"We have had Kings before him," Fodor said. "Will have many more after."
"He was a good King," Istvan explained. "He was a man that knew the threat of the Ottomans. He was a man that knew that strength was needed. And he knew to support us."
"We still have a Queen," Fodor replied, though by design striking a nerve. "She already has a daughter. Besides, good might be a stretch."
A roll of Istan's eyes began his reply, as a scoff of frustration left his lips. "Don't give me that. You know why that will not work. No, that will not work. Not at all."
"You're really going to make me ask?" Fodor inquired with a slight laugh. "Come now, we all know what it is you do. You always have a plan. You always have wend, mereme up you sleeves, So, what is it? You're among a friend, my friend.»
Yatan helat a long stare at the vel now. "e can
before he helly ne vented his teth with a way a year youn the one he i mall one of my wealth taken away a lew years back, my friend? With Sigismund,"
"You sure it was me, it could have been anyone," Rodor said, as he turned his eyes up to the sky,
"It was you, l am sure of it," Istvan replied.
"Indeed, I was," Fodor calmly admitted with an indifleren roll of his shoulders and a smile. "Indeed, I was. Though, I should remind you that you were just one among many."
"A means to an end then?" Istan asked.
"A means to an end," Fodor replied with a nod. "Took out the wealth and authority of many lesser men who were in the way. You, along with a few others simply got pulled along."
"And gained support of the last King..." Istan added.
"Well, now it would be the second to last King. Must be difficult for you falling so far out of favor now, Especially with the Queen, who never much liked you."
"Well, the wealth that was taken was used in part to secure the power to fight the Ottomans," Fodor said, as he leaned against the closest wall and crossed his arms. "That should make you happy, but I think you already knew that. But, as you say, yes, I have some concerns on my mind, especially with the succession.
She never did like me, don't know why."
"Probably because you're as ugly as a shit covered shovel,"
Istvan replied, as he moved to turn his back to his company and stare down the darkened path he had come. "I know you're there.
Come out!" He ordered, as he watched and listened, waiting for a flutter of any shadows within the dark.
"Thought you were being watched?" Fodor asked with a grin.
Istvan slowly turned his attention back to his company with a narrow gaze. "I may be blunt, but I am not stupid. I gave you the chance to put that dagger in my back and reveal what might have been hidden. As well as scare anyone who might have been listening."
"So, then you are satisfied?" Fodor asked. "Able finally to speak your plan?"
"No," Istan answered, a sinister smile stretching his lips. "I will not tell you the details of it now. But I will say that we must gather power and work to steer the Kingdom down the right path.
A path that sees our interests secured."
With those words cast, Istan began to walk away, though like before, Fodor's voice reached out to him from the shadows.
"So, you do have a plan. Good to know. Let me know when you want to tell me."

Chapter 4 : Awakened From Sleep

The morning light shone through the gaps in the wall as if it was an open in timed with listen fe out is enter as
far from wanted on the skin of a man.
With a grunt and a whine, he rolled out of the ever-reaching dawn's light, trying to stay away from its warmth and its simultaneous awakening.
With heavy feet through the hard dirt and melting snow, a stout, tall figure marched his way from beyond the shelter of his home and company, towards the slumbering man's bed. "Hey, Paulus," he said, as he entered the barn hunched over to fit through the door. His brown hair lay combed carefully to the side, as not a speck of dust or dirt made its home on any part of him.
"I need you to get up. I got work that needs doing and not enough time to do it all. You better not still be drunk."
"Just another hourglass, Mathias," Paulus mumbled, pulling the cloak that was his blanket over his brown hair and soft features, with his heavily scarred and branded hand. "Just another few hours…"
"Don't make me get the water, not again." Mathlas warned, waving his finger in a stern warning. "You know I will. I've done it before. I'm not going to feel sorry for you, you know. I will get the bucket. You know I will. And you know what will happen in this cold."
A grunt and a whine filled the air for a moment, followed by a plume of warm air leaving Paulus's mouth like a chimney, "At least close the door. It is freezing. I might lose something important, Something the women of this world can't live without."
"It was opened when I got here," Mathias replied with a sigh.
"You're lucky none of the animals suffered."
"I could have caught my death," Paulus said, as he shuffled back and forth and looked for comfort. "Maybe I should just lie down for a little longer. Make sure I'm well enough to go and work."
With another sigh. Mathias ran his hand through his hair struggling to find the right words, "You're still drunk. I'm going to get the bucket. Yeah, I'm going to go and get it."
"You don't have to do that," Paulus replied with an annoyed sigh of his own. "Why do you want to do that? Do more work and for what? So, you can feel good about yourself? So, you can tell your wife that you came and bothered me? Big man."
"You stink," Mathias quickly stated, as he turned and made his way back the way he had come. "You have been laying in the same spot for who knows how long. And don't talk about my wife." His pace was quick, though not quick enough to escape the words that followed and burrowed into him.
"You really are under that woman's thumb." Paulus said bluntly. "Always knew you were weak, but to choose her over me, shows what a man you are. A short one. And I'm not talking about your height."
"You leave my wife out of this," Mathias replied in saturatec anger.
"I'm just saying, you could at least be honest," Paulus said, as he closed his eyes and remained in the trapped heat of his makeshift bed. "Instead of that passive thing that you and every other woman does."
"You really want honesty?" Mathias asked, growing louder with each word. "You want honesty, fine. What type of a man are you who had it all and lost it because of stupidity and greed, and then does nothing but moan and drink, when he's not begging for a handout? What kind of man brags to people about the brand he got on his hand, when those very same people not only put it there, but laugh behind his back? And what kind of man walks to the capital to beg, when he has good limbs to work with? You still drunk now, or just hungover?"
"That's not fair," Paulus replied with a stoic tone. "I also eat.
And what about you? We used to do good work together. Made enough for you to live here, didn't I? Or did you forget that?" A twitch pulled on Mathias's eye as wrinkles gripped him.
"Yeah, you helped me! But I helped you too! I remember—" he grew silent for a moment as he shook his head and waved his hand before his face. "You know, I have had it with you. Not even related to you and I'm treating you better than I do my own son. My own son!"
"Well, I would feel bad for your boy, but you're not bothering him right now, are you?" Paulus asked back. "He just has to worry about getting your looks, or hers..."
"What was that?" Mathias demanded to know.
"What was what?" Paulus asked back, with an act of ignorance, as he turned his eyes to him. "Did you say something?"
A stillness held the air for a moment as the two men stared each other down, the only sound permeating between, the subtle drip of the fading snow.
"So, are you going to go?" Paulus finally asked, as he pulled his cover over his head. the sleep."
"You know, I have seen lepers work harder than you,"
Mathias replied as he waved his finger. "And that's not even a joke. That's a truth. Even with their faces falling off and dealing with all that shit people give them. Seen them at least get out of bed."
Paulus peeked his head out of his cover with a long silent stare, as if debating to release the words on the tip of his tongue.
"That's no way to talk about your wife."
Mathias grew still and silent, holding the stare with eyes that grew wider with each beat of his heart. "To hell with the bucket, I'm getting my shovel," he finally warned with a hiss, as he turned around and stormed out of his barn.
A grumble and a reassuring sigh left Paulus's lips, as he pulled the makeshift blanket over his face once again. "He's not coming back," he said with a sigh and a faint laugh, as he turned onto his side and closed his eyes. There he remained, his breaths steadily rising and falling. Though, before he could find comfort and peace, one again the sound of footsteps drew near, and his vision was drawn.
With a shovel in his hand, its spade still covered in mud, Mathias returned with a look of rage across his face. He stood a few steps shy of his friend, his fingers coiling tightly while he readied himself.
"You're not going to use—" Paulus began to say with a laugh, though could not finish.
"GET OUT!" Mathias shouted, as he raised the shovel high and rapidly advanced towards him.
The sound of confrontation and turbulence filled the early dawn, as only one phrase by Paulus could be heard through it all.
"Not the face!"

Chapter 5 : Her Decision

Rains battered the window with a tumultuous sting, while as if frightened by it, a lit candle fluttered on its sheltered side. Stone floors echoed softly in the candle's company, as drops of rain found their way onto them through the carried embrace of a cloak. The one who brought them in was slow to advance, while a slight trail of mud and water followed her.
Through the short and narrow hallway she went, her pace gripped by too much labor and too little rest. Step after step followed one another, until there before a dark door, she fell still.
With a slow whine, the door that kept the sheltered flame at bay opened, as she stopped at its threshold.
Like a treasure, the room held something that called her gaze and forced her to linger despite the dark bags that pulled on her tired eyes. There they lay, what she had traveled to see, the very same thing she had traveled to provide for; her children.
With a soft gaze she watched as her two children slept peacefully in the company of each other. They each lay wrapped by love and the warmth of their blankets, as the cold of the night seemed to be a distant dream.
Though, her presence in the structure did not go unnoticed and from the depths of its shelter there came another. With a shadow cast far and wide, a figure that was familiar to the woman in the doorway approached. A trimmed beard and mature hair graced him, as the bushy brows between them lay scattered and disorderly.
"You're back," he said with a soft whisper, wrapping his arms around her and pressing himself close to her. "I heard what happened, Helene. Terrible."
"Yeah," she replied softly, persisting in the embrace. "Back for a little, Johann. Only a little. I think the Queen will want to have me running off somewhere else soon. I think I will have to."
"Is it true?" Johann asked.
"I would think all the world knows," Helene replied with a sigh.
"But is it true?" Johann pressed.
"Not now, Helene replied, as she continued to watch her children. "T'm tired. I just want a moment."
"Sorry," Johann said pulling away. "I will wait for you in the other room. I got some food there. It's cold. Thought you woul have been back earlier, but it's good."
"I will be there in a little," Helene replied.
what happened."
With receding steps, Johann left Helene to the slumberi company of her children. She stood there with her eyes on the as their gentle breaths raised and dropped the blankets that ga them warmth.
"I can't," Helene finally said to herself with a whisper, she slowly and quietly closed the door. "I am sorry my Que but I can't. I cannot risk them."
With slow steps, Helene made her way through her h and eventually reached the sanctuary that lay laden with f drink, a place to sit and some company. The room was si containing a table lacking splinters with a few cups and b and a pair of benches on either side of it. With a sigh she t seat and rested there with her eyes closed for a moment.
"Tired?" Johann asked.
"How were the children?" Helene asked, ignoring the question.
"Fine, they missed you though," Johann replied, moving his limbs and bringing forth some wine and bread for his wife. "You know you made a mess when you came in. Dragged in a bit of mud with you."
"What about the Queen's daughters, Anne and little Elizabeth?" Helene asked, ignoring the stray in topic.
"They are fine," Johann stated. "Do you know what will happen to them? There is already talk. Quite a bit of it."
Helene was silent as she stared out towards a sight that no one other than herself could see. "Talk?" she finally asked with a whisper.
"I overheard some nobles say that they would push for the Queen's children to be married to secure the border and gain better claim on the other kingdoms," Johann explained, seemingly to himself. "They don't think the Queen will be able to maintain her authority without her husband. Would not be so bad if it were not for the Ottomans. They are talking about having her marry someone else. And don't even get me started on the unborn child. Some say if it is a girl, they will see her sent to the Ottomans as some form of tribute. And if it's a boy, well you don't even want to know. But, I don't know, I just don't know. I can't help but think, what are we going to do? I mean, will we have work for much longer? Should we be looking to the nobles?
Maybe we can take care of some of their children instead? We have a few pieces of silver saved, but that won't last us long if we have to leave."
"The Queen will look after us," Helene replied, finally
"Yeah, but how do you know?" Johann asked, as he tore a piece of bread and put it between his teeth. "She doesn't even have a husband, how is she going to take care of herself? Right
noose."
now, the nobles are working to tie a leash around her or worse a noose. "
"She will look after us," Helene echoed, her tone a note higher.
"You say that, but how do you know?" Johann pressed, searching for some measure of comfort. "I mean, she is in no position to—"
"I know what I have to do," Helene suddenly interrupted as she spoke to herself with a tone that silenced her husband. "I know what I have to do."
"What?" Johann asked. "What do you mean?"
"Nothing," Helene replied. "We will be fine, and the Queen will be fine. And before you ask, I know because I will look after her and she will look after me."
A momentary hiatus settled, as the conversation was left in a lull, only the faint sounds of his chewing filled the air. Finally, with a sigh, Helene pressed against the table and rose back onto her tired feet.
"Where are you going?" Johann asked, mouth half full.
"Shouldn't we talk? At least about the funeral? At least about what we're going to do?"
"Bed," Helene stated more than replied. "I am tired."
"But you haven't eaten," Johann said, as she turned away.
"And we haven't—"
"Just clean up when you're done," Helene whispered as she vanished.

Chapter 6
Leads to the Capital

Under the high sun, an enquire ain win arian one ad
brick renched imto the sky, we the bar inde meied the cause
cloud and heir shadows over the barriers of men wit ease. The towers and the archers that manned thoughuld do naugh again, the tide that brought them forth. Though their eyes were ru turned to the vast space above, but rather to the mob that snaked their way through the city, all for the chance of a view of a motionless body that held royal blood,
In Székeshérvar they gathered, their bodies pressed again bath other, from the red to the hasiest of beggars, as they crosed below the gatehouse and into the shadow of great cathedral.
Its tall two towers tried to scratch the sky, as their omate design left the jaws of those to see them fall to the ground.
Though, while most gazed up at it with the wonder of a child, those of wisdom and invitation kept their eyes focused on the closed doors as they waited.
With a sudden sound that shook the sky and forced the birds that clung to the city to take flight, the bells rang loudly. Their rings echoed one after another, summoning all to heed the event and forcing the mob to grow vibrant and restless.
"LOOK!" a soul in the mob shouted.
A procession of substance and wealth, those of nobility, afluence, and connections rode their way through the city streets, past the eyes of the world beside them and into the cathedral.
There they embraced the scene of some who mourned in its sheltered embrace, while for the majority, they cast aside such commotion and settled into the politics that dominated even a widow.
Queen Elizabeth stood draped in black, her position fixed and her eyes on the altar and those who contended with the ceremony. She watched, as those who had been granted entry made their way to her late husband and offered the illusion of respect, before they quickly vanished to their task of securing their purses and coffers under the rhetoric of a once again great Kingdom. They gathered in their groups, buzzing to one another like busy bees. Though, while they caught the Queen's eyes, her gaze was suddenly pulled as her own daughters made an appearance at the altar,
They stood side by side, under the watchful eyes of the world, one with fair hair falling to her shoulders, the other with dark hair nestled tightly beneath a hairpiece and accompanied by Helene's husband Johann. Though, even such things as being left to mourn could not go undisturbed.
"How are you my queen?" Count Ulrich Cillei said with a bow. Silver trimmed his hair, as the otherwise brown head and dark eyes gave him an air of elegance and grace. Only the stubble of a beard permeated on his face, though a large gut pressed out his belly.
A weary smile formed on Elizabeth's lips as she reached for his hand and took it in hers and ushered him to rise. "I am well, all things considered. Tired, but I seem to have my health."
"And your daughters?" Ulrich asked, gesturing to them.
"They seem to be taking it well. It seems they have inherited your resolve."
"I fear it is because they did not know their father that well," Elizabeth confessed. "All day with the nanny or tutors.
know / eventually did.™
Te sure hey will one day understand. As we will as well s A an the te gre over lizabeth a she, save the man a
t ker is anything you need, you simply need to say the word." rich quickly stated. "Anything. AS you are the Queen and my shape the world to your liking. I would be happy to lend you my support."
There was something." Elizabeth mentioned. "More of a question than a favor."
one often comes before the other," Ulrich replied with a smile. "7 will try to complete both if able."
"Well it is something I noticed," Elizabeth said softly as the ceremony progressed. "Where are the Crown Jewels?"
For the briefest of moments, Ulrich was taken aback, as the weight of the words seemed too heavy for his shoulders to bear.
Yet, while he seemed trapped by the Queen's words, he stroked his beard, washing away the shocked expression and replacing it with a deep look. "They were moved. They were moved to Plintenburg Castle for safety.*
"Why were they moved there?" Elizabeth asked.
"Customary." Ulrich replied suddenly and seemingly calmly, as if contended to the path he had chosen.
*Unfortunately. The Bishop of Gran died and now with the succession it must be held carefully to avoid a disaster. That is what the new keeper of the Crown, Count Gorge, along with al the others are thinking. Can't have any fool that wants to simply put on the Crown and claim the throne. Too dangerous, even for an unjust successor. Could you imagine, anyone you wanted could be made King."
"I can only hope then that it will be kept safe," Elizabeth said giving a few nods to those who passed before her. "I would not want anyone getting their hands on it. Not until they are needed for a rightful heir."
"That would be very hard," Ulrich said as he too gave a few nods to those that passed before them. "It is under Count Gorge's watch. The man is not good at much, but at defense and keeping a tight grip, he is second to none."
"And with women," Elizabeth added. "Spends a lot of time chasing women. Married women, noble women, women who do not want his attention or advancement. All manner of women."
"And with women," Ulrich agreed with a nod. "That he does too. That he does."
"One might think that it would create a hole in the Crown's protection," Elizabeth said, pondering out loud. "But I'm sure that there are other means besides one man to cause the Crown to be taken."
"Indeed, there are," Ulrich replied with the faint hint of a smile, though quickly brought his hand to hide it. "But the structure that it is kept in makes up for certain shortcomings, or as you said, holes. Many call it a castle, but it is much more than that. It is one of the greatest structures in the Kingdom, in terms of defense and security. Anyway, the structure it is in now, is one of the great ones. It could hold out for months in a bad situation.
And in a good one, possibly years. Its walls are thick and high..." Before he could finish, he drifted off for a moment, as the stifled hint of a smile grew once again.
"Thinking about something thick and high, perhaps?" Elizabeth asked, as she forced a faint and nearly indistinguishable blush on her company's cheeks. "Your wife?"
A faint cough left Ulrich's lips, as he shifted his weight back and forth from one leg to the other. "Right then. Where was I?"
or telen who iged and an required of reile an econ
"Well, there are many guards, the wa continued with anod
"Many within ova vel. Ben many on horseba watch, Man an the towers on watch. Even many on horseback to depart and peruse on watch. We can thank the Ottomans for the ned of so many."
"And I suppose that the stone and men are not the only obstacle?" Elizabeth asked.
"Quit right, then there is the door," Ulrich confirmed with a nod. "I don't mean to say the door to the castle, which in itself I would call impenetrable without the right numbers. No, not the gate. I mean to say, the door the Crown is kept behind. That is as thick as the royal vault and with locks that would take ages to break. But, that is just my observation. One observation I have made in person a few times, but one none the less I have made." Elizabeth was silent for a moment, as she mirrored the nods of those that continued to pass by; playing her part as widow.
"By the sound of what you have told me, it would seem that an army would be needed to get the Crown from where it has been placed," she finally said. "Either that, or another way in."
"I pray you don't take this the wrong way," Ulrich began to say, as he searched for the right words. "But, you seem to have an interest in this."
"That is why I ask," Elizabeth replied. "Is that not why we have interests, if not to inquire on them?"
"No, no," Ulrich explained. "I mean to say, if someone like me were to hear what it is you were saying, they would get ideas."
"I merely wish to see what options lay before me," Elizabeth replied. "The world may gather what ideas they wish. All that matters are actions in the end. Anything else and, I think it would be safe to call it gossip, or speculation. And there is no need to fear that, is there, my ally Count Ulrich?"
Ulrich nodded slowly turning his eyes to the scene before him. He nodded to those that passed, throwing a few fellow mourners looks of condolence, accentuated by a certain shimmer in his eyes. "My Queen, I do not know what the future of the Kingdom may hold, but I am sure that it has ideas with you.
Whatever they may be, I hope you know that I will gladly aide in whatever way I can. Whether it be from my informants, my wealth, or my allies. I only pray that if that day should come, you do not forget who was happily by your side."
"Thank you, Ulrich, I will not soon forget it," Elizabeth replied pulling the faintest hint of a smile from her hiding.
Though, before it could blossom and grow, before it could spread, it was stunted like a flower that tried to touch the sun in a late winter storm.
"What are you two whispering about?" Istan asked approaching with rolling shoulders.
"Probably the same thing you have been talking about over there," Elizabeth replied with a point of her noise and a calm face, to the nobles he had departed from.
"A fitting ceremony," Istan said, as he shifted his eyes across the room in an attempt to disguise those whom he had been with. From one to the next he watched with a long stare, deciding who would be his next company before he returned his attention to those before him. "You have done well to arrange it so quickly.
I think the King would be pleased. If there is anything that you wish to discuss, anything that you want me to convey to the other nobles, don't be afraid to ask. I am someone they will listen to." With a subtle bow bound by convention and the eyes of the Kingdom upon him, he readied to take his leave, but was stopped in his tracks before he could.
"I do have a question for you," Elizabeth said. "Have you seen Helene, my governess?"
"That woman," Istan replied with a grunt. "Why would I have seen her? You're the one who sends her out on errand after errand. Have her running all over the Kingdom. Travels more than a merchant who peddles foul goods."
" 4 sounds like you care," Elizabeth stated. "You do know she is married."
is scot a tad bit too loud echoed in the holy place, as eyes searched for the source that was Istvan. "The placement of one servant is hardly worth an eye."
"Are you trying to say she has your eye?" Elizabeth asked as she subtlety taunted him.
Istan opened his mouth to protest, though before a word could emerge from it, he pulled it closed and held his silence, if for only a moment. "I will take my leave, Queen Elizabeth. I have a great deal of other nobles I must meet with."
"I'm sure you do," Elizabeth replied. "As do I."
"Oh, just one last thing, my Queen," Istan said with a grin.
"You can cry if you want. It would be expected of you."
A smile that was nothing but forced grew over Elizabeth's lips, as she held the man before her gaze. "I thank you for your concern. As well as what is expected of me. But, I should only say, that if you want to see some tears, you can let them fall. It wouldn't be the first time, would it? It is the chatter amongst many of the nobles, as well as the commoners. But, I'm sure you already know that, right? It was what you have been talking about with the others?"
Istvan was silent, as the drum of his heart rose and rang in his ears. With a jerked nod that was an offering not of conviction, but of custom and necessity, he turned his back and quickly stormed off into the crowd, his face red out of rage and embarrassment.
"Well, let's get this ceremony started," Elizabeth said to temporary victory.

Chapter 7
The Beggars


With feet that stumbled over every stone in the road, a familiar man made his way through the winding streets. The scene of the world lay just at the periphery of his view; all the while, the excitement of the sun played through the city rousing the spirits of those who lived for the day. Shops tended to the task of pushing the last of their goods, as they raced to clear their stands before the encroach of the inevitable event that would swallow them whole. Though, it seemed to do little to the one whose face was covered black and blue.
With a stumble, Paulus fell to the ground, just on the cusp of the busy street, staying in the company of only himself and the shadows cast by the people who walked by.
The fresh bruises on his face, marked his skin, as the faint outline of a shovel left only the questions of who and why. From the folds of his clothes, he pulled forth a small purse, no larger than a pouch and gave the tanned item a shake. Not even the faint hint of a jingle permeated from within it, as the sobering silence brought about an unwanted reality. For a short while, he sat there, his eyes closed, the cold touching him and his extended unbranded hand, as he silently begged for a few coins.Time and time again, stray figures that crossed through the otherwise narrow space gave Paulus little more than a glance, as they worked to aven their eyes and hide their wealth. Though, compassion was soon to arise, as one who rushed past, threw two green copper coins at his feet.
With a sigh, Paulus slowly began to move, reaching for the coins and quickly putting it into his previously empty purse, "y guess I will be able to get a drink... Don't really care to see what's going on. I just wonder if the inns will be open now? Yet, before he could rise, a figure at the far end of the alley caught sight him.
"Hey you!" A loud and commanding voice suddenly bellowed, matching down through the alley. His armor chimed, as the metal that made it struck his long spear and accentuated his rough features. "No beggars allowed in the city, especially not today! Get over here!"
"Well, I guess I should see what is happening.." Paulus quickly said to himself, rapidly leaping up with the grace of a squirrel, rushing out the alley and vanishing into the crowd that grew larger with each passing moment.
The crowd pushed and buckled, as the weight of each of them pressed against one another, like the waves that met a cliff.
"What's all the commotion about?" Paulus asked, pressing against the crowd and struggling to find space. "Something I should know about?"
"The King is dead," an old man alongside him replied, keeping his eyes forward on the scene.
Paulus was silent for a moment, reflecting on the words with a blank stare. "I should have been clearer. I should have said, is it something I should care about?"
"Without a King the Ottomans will invade, with an angry tone.
Paulus was quiet for another moment, turning his eyes in the here?"
"They brought the King's body already," the man replied with anger. "Now shut your mouth, I can't hear!"
Taken aback, Paulus stood there with the others, like a sheep in the herd, unbeknownst to him that a pair of quick hands made even faster work of his newly acquired wealth and the purse it lay within.
With fingers that knew where and how to climb, a hooded figure plucked from its place, Paulus's purse and added it to his own. Though, like an awakened dragon, he was voracious and searched for his next prey. Moving a few souls over, he eyed his next easy task, blind to what was about to occur.
"I'm going to get that drink," Paulus mumbled to himself with a faint smile finally satisfied. Yet, before he could depart, his eyes grew wide, as his hand reached for his lost purse.
Throwing his eyes about, he searched for where it had gone, finding nothing. His eyes combed the ground to no avail and before his heart could flutter, he looked to those besides him.
With a hurried set of steps, he rushed to catch that which caught his eyes. "Hey. Hey! The hell you think you're doing? The hell you think you were going with my purse?"
The pickpocket was silent, his brown eyes staring back in shock. Barely a stubble grew on his chin, though the wrinkles that were his shock forced a temporary jump in his age that was otherwise half of that of his unexpected and unwanted company.
"What! What do you think you're doing?" he demanded.
"Caching a pickpocket," Paulus replied with a tighter grip.
"What makes you think—?"
"Don't bother," Paulus warned, as he interrupted. "Just give it here and we won't have any problem. Everyone gets one. And I need to get my drink before my hangover catches me. So, give it here and I won't point you out to the watch."
A silence held the scene between the two men, the turbulence of the procession pressing just beyond them. The rumble of the steps, and the cries and mourns that forced the birds - bet ive it" The pickpocket ordered, suddenly pulling his arm buck siring Paulus a shove the rushing ofF. Pressing thou en the crowd, he fought against the seemingly endless mal that lay before him.
an say I didn't warn you," Paulus grumbled, with his eyes fixated upon him like a beast on the hunt. "Get back here!
With a glance, the pickpocket looked over his shoulder and saw the man that was his shadow quickly approach. He tried to break through the mob, a jingle to his step, as the purses he held in his embrace were dropped one after another. With stumbling steps, he broke through the wall that was the mob and began his unobstructed run through the city. Lefts followed rights, as panted breaths flowed from his lungs. Beads of sweat fell down his skin, his face growing red. Though, at every turn, at every step that he hoped was an opportunity to grasp at the victory of an escape, there behind him continued his pursuer.
Paulus's breaths were heavy, his limbs growing weak and his pace seemed to slow. Though, before he could succumb to his own limitations, with all his force, he threw himself forward with a lunge.
"I got you!" He shouted with a mix of pride and anger, as he grasped him and held him to the ground.
"Just leave it fatty," the pickpocket replied, pulling and pushing to free himself. "Just leave it..."
"Fatty?" Paulus asked through panting breaths. "I might not have worked in a while, but I am no rich man and I am no fatty."
"It was a compliment, just take it," the pickpocket ordered, man if you're that offended."
"It was not a compliment," Paulus grumbled, raising himself and lunging once again after the man. "And I'm not old."
"Older than me," the pickpocket replied with a faint laugh and smile, as he once more began to run, though was quickly stripped of his smile. From his periphery he caught sight of his pursuer but a finger's reach away. His pace hurried, trying to force the gap between himself and his victim to grow, though his efforts were too little too late. For just as he reached the edge of the alley, and back into the embrace of the busy crowd and all it brought, a hard tackle sent him forward and to the ground.
Both men fell gasping for air, though there was no relief as they lay on the ground. Flailing their arms at one another, both tried to subdue the other, though to little avail. Their strikes were weak, and their placement wrong, as they struggled to hold onto their dignity.
"HEY!" A voice called from nearby.
Both men paused their struggle, looking to the source.
A captain of the guard by the name of Andreas filled their sights, storming towards them, his weapon drawn and ready. A pink scar ran from his chin to his cheek, as his head lay devoid of hair, with merely the stubble of what had once been. Moving as fast as his limp would allow, he approached with a retinue of half a dozen men along with him.
"The hell is going on here? What are you two doing? Who attacked who? I want an answer! NOW!"
"He didn't attack me," Paulus quickly explained, raising his hands and gently pushing the point of the spear out of his face and towards the pickpocket. "Was a... it was a bee."
"A bee?" Andreas demanded. "There are no bees this time of the year! What do you take me for?"
"Yeah, a bee..." The pickpocket echoed, slowly pushing the spear point back towards Paulus. "A big bee. It looked fat and old. Ran right into me, caused all this trouble, sir. But, I don't think it will be any problem now."
"Bee ran into me first and stung me, had to deal with it with a little bit of force," Paulus added. "I can say we are sorry. And if you leave us, we will be out of your hair... I mean—"
nectar the road, before have on the tip the pity, our running his fingers over his barren head.
before he could take it and vario, le inas his denly stopped i, of the pickpocket's possession.
nou were begging earlier, weren't you? You were the one who ran away from me, weren't you?"
•Who me?" Paulus asked back, quickly shaking his head.
"I never said anything about an alley," Andreas replied, the smile growing even larger across his face. "I remember, you were in the alley over there earlier. Isn't that right? The one who didn't listen. The one who tried to get away. Isn't that right, beggar?"
"Looks like you are in trouble," the pickpocket said under his breath with a slight laugh, as he raised himself off of the ground and began to make his departure. "Have fun with your friend. I have places to be."
"Where do you think you're going?" Andreas demanded to know, quickly moving his free hand to Lucas, and holding him tightly in his grip. "You really think I'm going to let the second beggar go while I deal with the first? Do you think this is my first day on the job? I know your kind always go in groups."
"I was, ugh, I was just going to clear the road," the pickpocket replied, his voice soft and his composure pulled back.
"And I'm not a beggar..."
"Oh, no, no," Andreas said, wrapping his thick arms around the two and beginning to lead them forward. "Only a beggar would wear such patchy clothes. And as to the road, I have a better plan. You see, I have a place where I like to put people. A
enjoy spending a little time."
place that is currently empty. A place I think both of you will
"It's not a dungeon is it?" Paulus asked.
"You think you belong in a dungeon?" Andreas asked back, his smile growing unsetlingly large, "You want to go in one?"
"No, not what I said," Paulus whispered.
"I do have family I need to get back to," the pickpocket stated, trying to wiggle free of the grip, but finding heavy fingers burrowing deeper into him instead.
"You don't have to worry about that," Andreas replied with a sinister smile. "You see, all you and your friend here did was a bit of begging and a bit of a brawl. Right?
"He's not my friend..." Paulus mumbled so far under his breath, that not a soul heard,
"And we have a fitting punishment for people who see my time wasted," Andreas continued. "You see, I could have you flogged, but I think a little time in the pillory will suffice, What do you think about that!"
"Are those the only options?" the pickpocket asked. Maybe a warning instead? A firm waning always worked with my old man."
"There is always the dungeon," Andreas replied smiling
"We like to brand those that make their way to them. So, what's it going to be beggars?"


Chapter 8
A history and legend


and slowly gave way to ash, steam rising from within. Though, no soup or stew boiled within its darkened black curves, but rather a plain body of warm water; one that would soon become larger, as a hand came upon its handle.
With a great deal of strength that pulled against her whole body, Helene carried it to the center of the room and poured it out into a nearly filled bath.
"I's ready," she said, wiping her brow from the labor.
"Sorry it took so long."
"You have nothing to apologize for," Elizabeth replied, putting to rest the page of parchment she read. "Water takes the time it needs to get warm. Besides, it has been an eventful day..." for a moment she drifted off into her mind, staring blankly at what she had been reading.
"While you get ready, I should tell you," Helene explained, contending with the many tasks that demanded attention. "Your children have been taken care of and are already asleep."
"That's good to hear," Elizabeth replied. "I hope they can sleep. It will be busy in the coming days. It will be busy. It always is..."
Helene was silent, gazing out blankly against the wall in patience and deep thought.
"I forgot to thank you, Helene," Elizabeth said, as the soft cloth that draped her skin fell to the floor and she was left with only her undergarments. The lump of her belly called the eye, and had any been there to peak, they would have stared. "I know you would have liked to stay for the funeral, but I needed you to do those tasks. So, thank you, Helene."
"No need to thank me," Helene quickly replied, turning further to avert her eyes. "I was just doing what was needed of me. That's all."
"You were doing much more," Elizabeth said, stripping the last of her vestment and letting the mix of warmth and cold touch her skin. She pressed against the sensation of the air and dipped into the warm bath, letting out a sigh of relief. "Ahh, that is what I needed... My bones were aching... I think I could sit here all day, or until the water gets cold. Almost makes you wish you could do this every day."
Helene grew the faintest of smiles, turning back to the Queen, though as she stood there, it was relatively quick to vanish. "My Queen," she finally said as she lowered her head.
"My Queen I-"
"My Queen?" Elizabeth interrupted with her eyebrows raised. "Helene we are not in anyone's company. There is no need for such things. I told you this when we became friends, you don't have to act that way." She fell silent as she stared at her
"what's wrong, Helene? You can tell me anything."
"I am sorry," Helene began. "I am sorry for your loss. I ar sorry I have not been more involved with your grief. I am sorry was not there to take better care of you when you needed it. Ar I am sorry for not saying it sooner... but... but... I will do what out of the warmth of the water. With a wave and a reach, she called to her friend and quickly held her hand in her own.
"Helene, my friend. You have nothing to apologize for. If anything. I should say that I am sorry. I did not mean to put so much weight on your shoulders. And I should not have asked, 1 should have
*No," Helene interrupted. "I'm sorry, but no. You do not have to apologize. I have to apologize. I should be the one who With a laugh and a warm smile, Elizabeth broke the tension that gripped the room and brought about a levity that calmed the very soul.
*Is this going to be like that time we first met? When we went back and forth apologizing until we became friends? Do you remember that? Seems like just yesterday, but..."
"So long ago.." Helene added with a laugh of her own.
A silence held the air between them, as the warmth of the bath slowly faded away. Though, the warmth of the two hands and the pulse of the two beating hearts that flowed through them, held its constancy.
"I have a plan," Elizabeth said, lowering herself deeper into the bath and relishing the warmth.
"A plan?" Helene asked with a hint of surprise.
"Why are you surprised at that?" Elizabeth asked back.
"No, no," Helene replied with a slight wave of self-defense.
"I know," Elizabeth said with a coy smile, soaking in the last Want to know what it is?"
before she could.
"I-" Helene began to reply, though was swiftly interrupted before she could.
"I know you said you would gladly serve, but..." Elizabeth explained with a somber tone. "I just want you to know that I won't think less of you if you don't. Nor would it jeopardize your position with me, or that of your husband. You have my word on that. We are friends, nothing will change that, Helene. And if my plan should fail, you would be spared of the direct consequences of my actions. So, before you answer please think one last time, because after I tell you, there will be no way to undo your choice.
So, are you ready? And are you sure?"
"At first I was not sure," Helene confessed. "I grew afraid, not just for myself, but for my children. But, I know... I know that it is not something I can decide not to do. This is something I must do. This is something I must do for my children and their future, as well as for you, for your children, and if not for them, then for the Kingdom. So, now I can say, yes. I am sure. I am ready."
"Thank you, Helene," Elizabeth said. "And please believe me when I say thank you. I mean that... Let me ask you this, do you know the history of the Crown, Helene?"
"Well," Helene replied, shifting her head back and forth. "If we are talking about the Crown that belongs to the Kingdom, I know what they told me when I was a child. I tell those stories as well as I can remember to my own. But, I wouldn't call that history, more of a simple conversation to distract the little ones with."
"What of the legend?" Elizabeth asked.
"I know of that," Helene replied with a smile, as she moved to tend to her labor. "I doubt there is not a farmer worth their salt who does not know it."
"Would you tell me what you know?" Elizabeth asked.
"I think I actually told my little one this story just a little while ago." Helene confessed, throwing her a look mixed with joy and suspicion. "She was in the bath too."
A liph chustle lef the quen i ma sin tilted her head hot and ded her eyes. "Then I will imagine 1 am a chid
" right now bear with me." Hole said, learing her throa Bot when the Kingdom was a child, jus like you, a saint was Piven a crown by the pope afer he had been blessed by a vivid dream of angels. Though, before the crown could be placed on the royal head, your great, great, great, great, great grandfather, Saint Stephen, offered the crown to the Virgin Mary. She accepted it and by doing so, a contract, divine in nature was made. That is how the Crown became holy, a halo for all those who wear it."
"Did she really come down for the Crown?" Elizabeth asked, playing her role. "Did she really touch it?"
"That is what the legend says," Helene replied. "You see, the Virgin Mary accepted the saint's divine contract and made the Crown divine, so that only those chosen by God may have the right to rule. And by doing so, the Virgin Mary became the patron saint of all the Kingdom. And with it, a purity, divine in nature governs the Kingdom."
"It is a good legend and you gave it justice," Elizabeth said.
"Thank you."
"If only my children were so kind after I told them a story," Helene said while laughing, as she turned her attention back to her labor. "Half the time they demand another. The other half, they fall asleep mid-story."
with a light laugh.
"Isn't the point to make them fall asleep?" Elizabeth asked
"Well I mean it is, but no one wants to think they are that bad at telling a tale," Helene replied with coy smile and a bit of a laugh. "It's like my mother told me, a blessing in one situation is a curse in another."
off to the labyrinth's of their minds.
o the alled the air between the two women, as they drifted off to the labyrinth’s of their minds.
"Do you want to know about the history?" Elizabeth suddenly asked with a somber tone.
"Sure," Helene replied with a laugh. "I could use it in the next story I tell my young ones."
"The Crown has been used since the origins of the Kingdom," Elizabeth began with a calm demeanor, raising herself and stepping out of the body of water. Drops fell to the floor and the carpet, as she quickly found herself wrapped in soft clothes that grew wet as she dried. "It dates back to the first King.
Made of gold and covered with enamels that were made in Constantinople, it was beyond valuable at the time it was made.
And now, it is priceless. Though, that is not why it is so guarded.
No, it is guarded beyond the reach of even armies for the symbolism it holds. It is so important, that no King can be recognized without it. So much so, that they say that the Crown is not for the King, but the King is for the Crown."
Helene fell silent and still, as she listened to the words and passed clean articles of clothing for her to put on. She opened her mouth to speak, though no sound emerged, as the words of the Queen lingered in her mind and kept her there.
"I think I stayed too long in here," Elizabeth suddenly explained, holding her hand out and showing the wrinkles that were on her skin from her bath. "Then again, at the same time I wish I could have stayed in longer." She added, finishing her process of covering her skin and emerging with a simple, yet unapologetically elegant green gown.
"Do you mean to say...?" Helene finally asked, though before she could add her thoughts and make them form deeper reason, she drew silent again.
"Come on," Elizabeth said, forcing the wrinkles out of her dress. "We are going to need help."
"Help?" Helene asked. "From whom? And for what?"
"Someone who can get into a castle," Elizabeth replied.
THE STOLEN CROWN
"You are the Quen, there is no one who can, or would th matter, barricade their door to you." busy contending with the nobles."
"Many women in waiting could do that too," Helene replied the hint of uncertainty and suspicion in her voice. "In fact, I coul 8o and do that for you. You would just have to tell me whati you would like to get and from which castle."
Elizabeth turned her gaze to her for a moment with a smile.
"And into a vault."
"A vault!" Helene said with disbelief. "You don't mean to say, that you... That is your plan? The Crown?"
Elizabeth stared at her reflection, as the words spoken to her quickly vanished, though like the echo that whispered a trub back, she finally replied. "The one that is history and a legend."


Chapter 9
Count Gorge


With slow steps that echoed over stones and made their way down a lavishly decorated hallway, one figure followed another, a chime of nine to them. Past the ornate tapestries that hung on plastered and painted walls, past the fine furniture that only those of noble birth were welcomed to, and past the dark timber of a dozen ornate doors, climbing upwards.
Their shadows pressed along the walls and all the wealth, as the light of a flame they each carried fluttered against the flow of air. The rays of the high sun fell further and further away, as the windows lay cast aside by thick unending stones. Further into darkness and isolation they went, until they both fell still.
They stood before something that was more of a wall than a door, as timber and metal lay bent and bound against one another in a conformity that shouted, 'none can pass.' Its ten locks stood imposing, its weakness unapparent. It was a vault, an intimidating one and as impenetrable as the word would suggest.
Silently Gorge pulled from his place around his neck, a large black key and the fine silver chain that bound it in its place, holding it before him.
"Unlock it," he ordered.
"Right away, my lord," the armed man by the name of Demeter said, as he quickly hurried to the task. Black hair as dark as the night lay hewed short and lent the man the hint of age.
Though, his hazel eyes and strong aw saved him of any disparity
nobility or of the common folk clung to him, yet the sheathed sword and its ornate handle spoke of his responsibility and authority. With all the force that he could muster from his wide sutuders he turned the imbedded metal of the key, until finally, with a click, the first lock released its teeth.
"Where is the Castilian?" Gorge asked, turning his eyes down the hall towards a small closed door. "Is he not supposed to be keeping an eye on the vault?"
"I think he was tending to something in the lower castle, my lord," Demeter replied, turning key after key, until the last one found its place.
"Open it," Gorge ordered, a slight nod to his head.
With a whine of timber and metal, the vault door was pulled open by Demeter with a great deal of strength and effort. A faint grunt left his lips, as the veins in his hands and neck grew exposed and red consumed his skin.
Light flooded into the vault, as it drove away in an instant the darkness that had been left to swallow what lay inside. With each whine the hinges made, it forced what had been hidden to the world, to reveal itself with an opulent splendor of shimmering and precious metals and the jewels that lay imbedded in it. The treasures and wealth of the Kingdom stared back at those who looked upon it, as a tempting call summoned them to do more
middle.
than look. Yet what truly caught attention was directly in the
On a solitary podium nestled atop a soft red pillow sat the royal Crown. Gold shimmered in the light, as the precious stones sparkled. Two rings of pearls around the base glistened, as the enamels that were an assortment of colors and shapes, each told a tale that called to be watched. Nine gold chains with pendants at each end reached across the pillow, as they waited for the Crown to be lifted and them along with it. While atop of all the ornate intricacies, there sat a golden cross, perfectly erected and ostentatiously displayed, that shouted to the world, 'gaze here, gaze at the Crown and King.'
"You know, I liked to check it every day when the King, my friend, was alive," Gorge explained with a raspy voice, stepping into the vault and moving his fingers closer and closer to the royal artifacts. "Seemed to be a necessary thing. Don't know if it was out of fear of disappointing him, or if it was a sense of pride to be honest, but that is what it was. Do you know then why I do it now?"
"I do not, my lord," Demeter replied with a calm and still expression.
"Neither do I," Gorge stated, lingering in the royal possession's embrace. "I don't seem to want to check it much lately. There are times when I find it such a chore. And then there are times when the act just seems to bring to mind the memory of the King. You know I couldn't even go to the funeral because his death was so sudden. I would have been at the center of it, had I gone to his funeral. I know what his favorite flowers were...
Don't think even that wife of his did." His fingers moved closer to the Crown, yet again ready to touch it, though just before he could, his hand was halted.
"Everything seems in place, my lord," Demeter said from beyond the threshold of the vault.
"So, it seems," Gorge replied with a nod, his fingers pulling away. "So, it seems... Want to know something funny? The Crown is actually bigger than any man's head."
Demeter held his expression unchanged, staring at his patron. "Quite funny, my lord."
"Just so you know, I didn't try it on to know that," Gorge explained, leaving the side of the precious item and making his way back toward the vault's door. "As I told you before, I knov the King... well, I knew the King. He's the one who told me Tral brings beck memories. I do wonder he thing though, who i going 0 come and chim it? Would thin the Queen would, bul it oing to ced a husband in line to take it. Can't give it to her whero one. Or betteryet, I won't give it to her. Suppose we shal keep a wachful eye and see what the future brings. I think I wil check on i one more time before then. e. Takes woo Don't really se much reason to check it much more. Takes too much time.
And time is something I believe you can never have enough of.
Just like gold, wine, and women. Not always in that order, depends on the wine."
"Is there anything else you need of me?" Demeter asked, as he checked the handle on the vault with a strong pull. "The vault is secured."
"There is one thing," Gorge replied, a grin growing over his lips. "Do you remember that young thing that was with me arlier? The fair haired one that you had your eye on."
"I do, my lord," Demeter replied with the hint of a nervous blossom.
"Where did that woman go?" Gorge asked with a slight laugh, as he looked up and down the hall like a dog in heat. "I think I must keep her busy with my company for a bit longer. Just a little bit longer. Woke up with my head full of vigor."
compose himself.
"You go and do that," Gorge ordered with a laugh, placing the chain along with the vault's key back around his neck.
"Just
don't try anything with her. I know how you get around fair haired women. You're always so serious, that is, until you get around them." His laugh drifted off, as he began his march back need to be more confident around them..."

Chapter 10
The Pillory


The cold breeze of dusk descended further upon the world, as the city fell quiet, stripped away in the presence of the encroaching stars. Though, like any, there were exceptions to the norm. Like a ship tied to a dock, timber whined as each subtle movement fought against the tension of the knot, which in reality was a lock.
It whined and rattled, as time and time again, like the consistency of the waves, it exuded a force that drove the nearest soul into a rage.
"Stop fighting," Paulus ordered with a flustered grunt, as his voice vanished into the night. He stood on two legs, though not upright, as his head and wrists lay bound by splintered timber.
"That lock is locked. All your shaking isn't going to do anything more than put a thorn in my neck and split my head. You are just going to have to wait. You are just going to have to wait."
"Don't tell me what to do," the pickpocket ordered back, as he continued to wiggle. "Wouldn't be in this mess if it wasn't for you. So, now I'm going to get out of this on my own. I got places to be. And who gets put in the pillory for such a long time? And how hard is it to get free? I am a master at my work, don't you know? Everyone knows who the great Lucas is."
"Who's Lucas?" Paulus asked.
"I am," he replied. "I am Lucas. And this is all your fault..." Paulus turned as far as his head could, before the splinters that were by his neck burrowed deeper. "Want to explain to me
how this is my fault?"
"You couldn't just have let me get away?" Lucas asked back.
"Couldn't just have turned the other cheek and just let me do what I needed to do?"
"You couldn't have just not pickpocketed me?" Paulus asked with a loud scoff.
"Not so loud," Lucas quickly hissed. "Want me to get branded? That guard could be anywhere."
"Couldn't have just given me my purse back after I caught you?" Paulus continued, as he ignored his company. "Couldn't have just returned it like a normal person? You had to keep your hands on my coins. You had to get in the way of a man and his drink. And that says a lot about a man, just so you know."
Lucas was still for a moment, waiting within his own mind and thoughts to pull together some words of a rebuttal, though only the opposite fell from his tongue. "Sorry, didn't know it was for a drink."
A faint sigh left Paulus again, as he rolled his eyes and ever so slightly shook his head. "So, do you have any friends of yours that are going to come back and save you from here?"
"I might..." Lucas replied under his breath. "Might not..."
"Yeah, I got one too," Paulus said. "If he hears about it, he might just come to hit me with a shovel."
"Shovel?" Lucas asked, a smile slowly dawning over his face. "Wait, is that what happened to your face—?"
Before he could finish, a spatter of filth spewed forth and struck both men on opposite sides of their faces. Chunks of vile rotten food from a long-spoiled vegetable clung to them, as what remained of the thing fell to the ground with the sound of a plop that mimicked a wet mop.
that mimicked a wet mop.
"HEY!" Lucas shouted, spotting some mischievous kids running off. "When I get out of here, you are both going to beg I hadn't! Don't you know who I am? That's right you better run!
Run home!*
With a spit that cleared the edge of his lip of the green and brown filth, Paulus grumbled under his breath. "Just leave it.
You're only going to make it worse. Those brats don't have anything better to do. If it wasn't this, they would be scratching some mark into the walls."
"Leave it?" Lucas asked back. "They need to know who I
"That doesn't make any sense," Paulus replied. "You're a pickpocket, you don't want people to notice you."
"Not so loud about that," Lucas ordered with a loud whisper.
"You have to stop saying that, before I get into a lot of trouble.
They only think I'm a beggar. They don't know the great thief that 1 am."
"You would deserve it," Paulus explained, turning his eyes towards the lock that bound him and growing a faint smile. "Me on the other hand..."
"How much longer do we have?" Lucas asked with a groan.
"I have places to be. I have things I need to do. You know the night is a very important time for someone in my line of work.
Especially today, with all the drinking and moaning people will be doing. It's very important."
"At least it's not snowing," Paulus replied with a sigh, as his eyes lingering on the lock and his fingers beginning to wiggle.
"And on behalf of all those you would have robbed, at least you're not able to and are being held accountable."
"I can agree with you on the snow..." Lucas said, lulling with only the faintest of noises that whispered of fiddling. "And no one can see us anymore," he added with a faint smile, as he stared out into the darkness. "You want me to sing a song?"
"Look," Paulus replied with a sigh. "We just have to deal with each other for a few more hours, then we can go on our own way and never have to deal with each other again. What do you say?"
A still silence held the night for a moment, as not even the distant sounds of stray animals, or the turbulence of the drunks permeated, or even the trivial whispers of fingers at work.
"Sounds too good to be true," Lucas finally said with a faint laugh, returning to his task of attempting to wiggle free.
"It almost does, doesn't it?" Paulus said with a dwindling chuckle. "Now, stop that shaking or you're going to get it when I get out of here."
"Oh, yeah, and what are you going—?" Lucas began to ask, though was silenced by a sight that suddenly caught his eye. "My God!"
"What?" Paulus asked, taking notice of his company's composure and quickly catching sight of what lay before them.
Through the darkness eyes peered at them and seemed to burrow into their souls. It was not those of a human, but of an animal that lay just above the ground.
"It's a cat," Paulus said annoyed
The two men and the cat looked at one another with suspicion and curiosity. Though, with a slow soft laugh that broke into the air, Lucas seemed to enjoy the company, as well as that of his own thoughts.
"What?" Paulus asked, as the cat rushed away. "What's so funny? It was just a cat."
"Hope this night does not end in a catastrophe," Lucas finally said, laughing loudly at his own joke. "Get it?
Catastrophe. Cat.'
"Cat?" Paulus asked, turning his head as far as he could, before looking at what he could see of his company. "I don't get
"What?" Lucas asked baffled. "What do you mean you don't
"It's not important, so be quiet," Paulus ordered, as his fingers continued to fidget until suddenly, the very lock and timber that bound him in place released its grip. "There we go."
"HEY!" Lucas shouted with wide eyes, watching him in disbelief stretching his legs. "How the— How the hell did you do that? Get me out, quick!"
"Not that hard," Paulus replied, rubbing his wrists and continuing to stretch his limbs. With a slow sigh, he lowered himself to the ground resting against the very timber that had held him. "And keep your voice down before you get me in trouble."
"Wait, what are you doing?" Lucas asked. "You going to get me out? Hurry. Let's make our break for it."
"No," Paulus stated. "No, I'm not."
"Wait, what?" Lucas asked in disbelief, trying to no avail to catch a sight of him.
"Not so loud," Paulus warned again, shifting where he sat and trying to find comfort.
"You're not going to run away?" Lucas demanded.
"No, that would just cause me more trouble," Paulus explained. "I want to come back into the city. If I'm not here when the guards get back, I will be in a lot of trouble. Don't want that."
"That doesn't make sense," Lucas replied.
"Well, then it means it's none of your concern," Paulus said.
"So, what do you do? And I don't mean as a pickpocket."
Lucas turned his head as far as he was able with a sense of disbelief. "You being serious right now? Did you seriously ask me that?"
"You have something better to do?" Paulus asked back. "I suppose I could always close my eyes and get a little sleep before the sun comes up again."
"Wait, wait, wait," Lucas pleaded. "Fine, we can talk. What do you want to know?"
Paulus asked.
"What do you do when you're not robbing good people?"
"I don't rob good people," Lucas replied. "Just fools."
Paulus was silent for a moment, staring out into the dark.
With a faint scoff, he shook his head, closed his eyes, and began
"Fine, fine, fine," Lucas said. "I travel. I go where I need to go."
«You mean, you leave a place after you have taken what you need from it, but not before you are caught, is that it?" Paulus asked.
"You going to let me out, anytime soon?" Lucas requested.
"Sure, before the guards come back, but after the sun comes up," Paulus replied. "After that, you can call us even for stealing from me."
"Wait, really?" Lucas asked. "You're being serious?"
"No," Paulus replied, as he closed his eyes. "Just make sure you wake me up before the sun comes up and the guards with them. If you don't, then we will get in real trouble."
Time drifted away as the night gave way to the endless repetition of the heavens, yet there was one figure who advanced through the city streets ahead of the rising sun. His pace was slow, as his limp tried to drag him back. His armor chimed in his cars, while his spear tip pointed to the sky and its base thumped on the ground.
"I guess I was a little rough with those beggars," Andreas said to himself, as the faint and earliest rays of light began. "Wite always makes me soft... Except in one way."
He laughed to himself, approaching the slumbering fools divious to the consequences of his company. As when he would descend upon them, a fury filled with punishment would be theirs, all within the confines of a place far worse than the pillory.

Chapter 11
The obstacles


In the company of darkness and shadows, a lone figure made his way over the stones with no direction other than that of pacing back and forth. With feet that would have shaken the stones below him had the mortar not held them in place, Istan marched with anger. His tongue lay trapped between his teeth, with a force that lay just shy of drawing blood, as an ever-growing frustration blossomed with it.
"About time," Istan said as the door finally swung open.
"Do you know how long I have been waiting? Making me look like a common fool."
"I was busy and there were many eyes," Fodor replied with a taunting smile, as he entered with a lit candle in his grip and quickly closed the door. "I did not think it would have been smart to simply depart and bring them here with me. And being seen leaving at the same time is a good way to get rumors started. We are not yet ready to be seen as allies. Though I am sure I can go back and get some others if you would like."
"Enough," Istvan ordered with a growl, taking his place at the table with a hard fall on the empty stool. "Let's try to make this quick. You said enough about watchful eyes already. What do you have?"
"Always so eager to be done with things, where is your sense of politics?" Fodor asked with a light laugh. "That is half the thrill of life."
"I don’t want that thrill," Istvan replied with a dismissive wave. "The only thrill that I want, is victory. Nothing else matters until a victory is had."
"All for a means to an end, is that it?" Fodor asked with a laugh. "There has to be more than that."
"There isn't," Istan replied. "Not until there are no other obstacles. Then, and only then, can you indulge in the prospects of having no enemies left. And if we act quickly, we can see tha it does happen soon. So soon, it could happen by the time we gather with the council. So, I say again, what do you have?" With a smile made ever wider and his stained teeth exposed to the light of the flame, Fodor moved to grab a drink and quench his mouth. "I have missed the wine you collect. Even though! spend a fortune on the stuff myself, I can never seem to get anything as good as yours."
"Tell me," Istan ordered. "What news have you uncovered?"
"From the Queen you mean?" Fodor asked back, filling his mouth with another gulp.
A silent nod was all that was replied.
"Well, that's the funny thing," Fodor commented, scratching his chin. "I have seen her talking—"
"As have I," Istvan interrupted. "Always chatting away."
"Playing politics perhaps?" Fodor asked.
"Perhaps, you don't know?" Istvan asked with a mixed hint of skepticism and shock.
"I know enough about her, that I know that she is playing at something, but nothing to be concerned with," Fodor explained.
"She has—"
"From what has been going on, do you not find that suspicious?" Istvan interrupted, raising his voice above the other."As I was about to say..." Fodor continued. "That is her nature. A nature that has been suppressed after her marriage. A nature that I am sure will be suppressed once again. I care little that she has met with a few people. I care little that she
A knock at the door, pulled both men's eyes along with their breaths, as a silence swallowed them whole for a moment.
"Did you invite someone?" Istvan asked.
"Depends who's at the door," Fodor replied. "Shall we see who it is?"
A nod was all that Istan ordered for him to go and check.
"Her claim is a weak one," Fodor said, as a sinister smile grew over his lips and he advanced towards the door.
"A weak one?" Istan asked with suspicion.
"Yes, a weak one," Fodor explained. "I have a man that can explain it better than me. Come in, Father."
With a slow whine that did little other than add tension to impatient blood, the door swung open. There draped in a vestment that was not one of war or crime, but of a shepherd to those that were kept in a flock, stood a holy man. What hair he had lay hidden under a plain cap that hugged his scalp and kept it warm. Though while his appearance held the illusion of modesty, it was the cross that dangled from his neck that caught the eye with its glitter.
"Why have you—?" Istan began to ask, but stopped as he caught sight of the books under his arm. "Is that what I think it
Silently the holy man moved his way across the room and took his place in comfort between light and dark, pulling forth the books and placing them before him. "My lords, may God guard you and keep you and your estates safe."
"Thank you," Fodor said with a smile, turning to his guest and giving him a nod. "You may begin."
"I was indeed my lord," the holy man replied. "In these pieces of work behind me I have found the truth of legacy. And that truth is a simple one. The Queen of Hungary, Elizabeth, whose husband has just passed is the rightful Queen to the throne."
"What?" Istan asked, a look of rage creeping its way across face. "What! That was not what I asked for! That is not what I need to hear! I need you to-
"That was not the extent of what I found, my lord," the holy man interrupted. "No, what I found is while she is the rightful heir to the throne, she has no male heir to claim it. If she were to have had a child, one that was a male, she might have had the right to claim regency until he is of appropriate age. But, alas she does not."
"Not yet..." Istan mumbled to himself, as the anger that gripped him slowly dwindled.
"Furthermore, there is the political situation at hand," the holy man continued to explain. "Given the current situation on the southern and eastern border, the need for a King would be argued to be precedent. And given that the council has been gathered, therein lies the opportunity to decide if the Queen has the merit to rule as she sees fit. Or, if she does not. The records I have found are her lineage, which protects her from being stripped of her position. But it does show that the council, by majority, can decide the next King, and arrange a marriage that the Queen will be forced to accept."
"And if she does not accept it?" Istvan asked, leaning forward. "What if she refuses to accept the will of the council?"
question vanished.
A silence remained between the three, while the echo of his
"If she does not accept the will of the council, then she will Istvan interrupted the holy man, with a bellowing laugh that filled the air, "Thank you, Father. You have given me the information I needed. Thank you. Now then, if you would see yourself out."
need to worry."
"You will be paid as we agreed," Fodor added. "You don't need to worry."
With a glance to Fodor, the holy man did as he was told and took his leave, vanishing the way he had come without uttering another word. The only signs of his prior presence, the books he had brought with him.
-So then," Fodor said as he scratched his chin and studied the books. "What is your plan?"
A wide smile grew over Istan's face, as he turned his attention back to his sole companion. *It is a simple thing really.
We are going to pick the next King."
A loud laugh left Fodor's lips. "And you think the Queen will just agree with who we pick? She will never agree to that."
-If it was simply us two, then I would agree," Istan explained, his smile growing wider with each word that flowed through it. "But what makes you think it is only us two? Did you not hear what that man said?"
"You don't mean—?" Fodor began to ask, before he was interrupted.
*But I do," Istvan continued. "Like the birds of spring I have begun to sing. And I have found that many sing the same tune.
But, you already know this, don't you?"
"Who, me?" Fodor asked back with a hint of a coy tone.
"After listening to what you asked of the holy man there? How would I?"
"We will have to move fast," Istan said. "We will have to pick a man we can agree on. And one who will agree with us."
"And one that will benefit us," Fodor added. "Can't let the opportunity of deciding the next King be left to the Queen alone.
She is after all only a woman, Queen or not. Let me ask you something, do you think I should pay that holy man?"
"I wouldn't," Istan replied without so much as a second thought. "Always get payed before you do the work."
"Sound advice," Fodor said with a grin. "So, what do you want to do with the Queen?"
"This is an opportunity," Istan explained. "We have been given a great opportunity by God to secure our future. A future built around us. We should do well to pick a man who will be grateful for our loyalty and in turn, will reward us for it. We have a few days before the council is to meet. That gives us until then to set things in motion in the way we wish. A few days to lay the obstacles we desire. And if you are going to add anything about the child, then I say wait. The odds that the child is born still, or of no consequence, are good."


Chapter 12
The Dungeon


echoed, finding its way into the confines of chains and ment. An unsettling cold held the stone, as their mere forced a shiver up every spine. A foul smell permeated the nd any deep breath would force a gag upon the one who took ritters rushed over the ground in darkness, their limbs stuck le dirt in search of some nourishment that did not seem to st.
"Did you hear it?" Lucas asked, throwing his eyes to every ner of the cell, a beam of the sun's light the only source of amination. "I know you must have heard it. I just know it."
"No," Paulus replied. "And stop asking me if I did."
"Can't believe that guard," Lucas said, stretching his neck ack and forth and bringing about a multitude of loud cracks.
Don't know why I got into trouble too. I wasn't the one he caught out of the pillory. Why am I the one here that has to suffer? At least I can move my neck again... But, you should have said something!"
"All you had to do was wake me up," Paulus replied with a sigh. "Don't know how you couldn't manage that. And he wouldn't have listened to me."
"All you had to do was leave," Lucas said in frustration.
"But, no... You wanted to stay. I don't even know why."
"Doesn't matter," Paulus replied, staring at the barren wall.
"Still not going to tell me?" Lucas pressed, seeming to grow frustrated by the thought. "Even now?"
Paulus was indifferent to the words, as he rose off of the ground and made his way to the door that kept him with his company locked up.
"You're not going to try to escape from here now?" Lucas asked with a hushed voice. "If this is what you get for trying to escape from the pillory—"
"Wasn't trying to escape," Paulus interrupted, yet his words seemed to have no bearing on his company.
"Think about it. What could be worse than sitting in a dark
"First, I'm not alone," Paulus explained. "I have your company."
"Ah, that's nice of you to say," Lucas replied, smiling happily.
"Not what I was saying," Paulus continued. "I'm saying, they are already doing the worst thing they can do to me right now. They have me trapped here with you. There is honestly not much more that can be done to make me suffer. Secondly, I'm not sitting, I'm standing. Because I don't want to sit anymore."
"I'm going to say, that's just the hunger talking," Lucas added. "I think they will bring us some food soon."
"No," Paulus continued. "That is the roaches and rats and anything else that is on the ground that is trying to grab me." in search. "I don't see anything."
door.
"Then stay down there," Paulus ordered, as he stood by the
"You know how much longer they are going to keep us down here?" Lucas asked, turning his attention to the critters that rushed by. "It won't be that much longer will it? It's already been a while... I think..."
"It will take what it takes," Paulus replied.
"That's not much of an answer," Lucas mumbled under his breath.
"I should remind you that we are in this situation because of your actions," Paulus explained pressing his back against the wall and finding some comfort against it. "If you hadn't been—"
"That was a long time ago," Lucas interrupted. "We should move on old man. Take each thing that happened and just forgive each other. That would be the best thing. Definitely."
"Did you just call me old man again?" Paulus asked.
"Yeah," Lucas replied with a laugh. "Just like the day we met. All things considered it was a pretty good day. I mean, not for the King, it was his funeral, but for everyone else it was pretty good. Don't you think?"
Paulus stared at him in silence, the only expression, an eyebrow raised. "I think you should just go to sleep."
"It's funny, but I'm not actually tired," Lucas replied with a laugh. "Funny right?"
"No," Paulus stated, the scowl on his face growing in the shadows and dark.
"You know, I heard that most people that find their way here have problems owing money," Lucas commented, once again trying to ignite a conversation with the spark of his thoughts.
"Yeah, they apparently have not payed people back. I'm never like that. I always pay back what I owe. That's one of my rules.
You got any rules?"
"No," Paulus replied, as yet again a silence consumed them.
"So, come on," Lucas said, continuing to press. "Tell me why you really didn't run away. You must have had a good reason. Right?"
Paulus turned and silently stared at him.
"Right?" Lucas asked.
"If I tell you, will you be quiet?" Paulus grumbled. "And before you answer, I mean, will you be quiet and not say another word to me until we are free from this place? Do you understand?"
A light laugh left Lucas' lips, as he grew a wide smile. "I knew it! Sure, I will be quiet. Not a word. Just silent and still."
"Fine, if you really want to know, I will tell you," Paulus said with a laugh. "When the guards caught us and were going to put us in the pillory, they took our stuff. I want what was mine back. Happy? Now be quiet, like you agreed."
"Wait!" Lucas shouted in disbelief. "Wait, wait, wait! They only took one thing from you! You wanted to get that back! You wanted to get back your purse! Wait, is that really it? I don't even know why? It was practically empty. Why would you wait for that?"
Paulus was silent, turning his eyes to the darkness and remaining in its still embrace.
"Oh, come on," Lucas pleaded.
"All your screaming and shouting is going to get us into real trouble," Paulus warned. "If I were you, I would be quiet. Before the punishment we get becomes more severe."
"What do you think they are going to do to us?" Lucas asked.
"If we're quiet, they will be better with us," Paulus explained, the words echoing in his ears. "They might listen to our plea. Then we will probably only get a few lashes before they kick us out."
"And if they don't?" Lucas asked back. "What if they
"Probably keep us here for a while longer before branding us, then give us a few lashes before kicking us out of the city," Paulus explained. "Just as long as they give me my purse back, I don't really care..."


Chapter 13
The Seal and The Letter


The light of a flame danced in the setting sun, as the one who worked within its embrace etched the last of her ink onto the piece of parchment, along with her thoughts and a part of her soul. She labored away, her hand made to curve, spin and stab, though while she did, her gown, exquisite in green, gold and design befitting of her royalty, was made slightly inept by the faint smudges that clung to it. With a final mark, she admired her work and basked in the labor of her own doing. She puckered her lips and blew a warm breath of air over the scratched grooves as she dried the ink.
"It's ready," Elizabeth said, holding the unsealed letter out to her company.
Helene, who had waited by her side was quick to take it in her hands.
"What do you think?" Elizabeth questioned.
"I think you made a mistake here," Helene commented, her eyes glancing over the piece of work and the seemingly innocent words that lay within. "Did you misspell this word?"
"Let me see," Elizabeth said. "I don't see anything."
"I think you made a mistake with the way you spelled her name," Helene explained.
"That's not a mistake," Elizabeth replied with a smile, as she passed it back. "That's a smudge."
"Want me to write it again?" Helene asked.
"No need." Elizabeth said, leaving her seat to ordain herself with pieces of gold and silver jewelry. "She knows my handwriting. She will know if someone else wrote it."
"I don't mean to cast doubt..." Helene stated
"But?" Elizabeth asked in anticipation.
"Are you sure she will answer your summons?" Helene asked. "The others too?"
"I am," Elizabeth replied, a smile growing over her lips. "I am still the Queen after all."
"I didn't mean—" Helene quickly explained.
"I know," Elizabeth interrupted. "Just trying to flutter your heart. So, what do you think?"
*Other than your mistake?" Helene asked with a smile of her
"Other than that," Elizabeth replied.
Helene glanced at the piece of work once again, as she reread each of the inked scratches. With each completed line, she nodded in consent, until finally, she looked back to her company.
*I approve."
"Can you take care of the wax?" Elizabeth asked.
"Of course," Helene replied, rummaging through the table drawer and pulling it forth. It stood no longer or thicker than a finger, though its value lay in its malleable nature. Holding the red stick of wax over the flame, she turned it over from side to side, as it grew more pliable to the point of collapse.
"Can you have them sent out too?" Elizabeth asked.
"Of course," Helene replied. "We can use that man again.
He can get anything to anyone without getting much attention.
No one really pays attention to a pilgrim. As much of one as he claims to be."
"See that it is done," Elizabeth ordered, moving over to the far side of the room and plucking forth an item, before returning to her company.
Helene quickly moved the hot dripping wax onto the folded crossroads of the parchment and leaving a red oasis. Quickly, the item the Queen had procured and kept behind her back was pressed firmly against it, sealing it with her royal mark.
"Well that completes that," Helene said smiling, admiring the seal that bore an eagle with a shield over its breastplate and a lion beside it. The easy part. And you even managed to get the seal on strait this time."
"The easy part is done," Elizabeth stated with a smile of her own. "Now onto the next stage. We will have to move quickly. I will keep them distracted for a while. I trust that you will be able to do what we discussed."
"Of course," Helene quickly assured her. "I know the route.
Know the man to look for. Know what to say. There is only one thing."
"One thing?" Elizabeth asked with a slight tilt to her head.
Helene leaned closer, sharing a soft whisper, careful so that no others would hear had they been listening through the walls.
"Do you have the purse?"
"Oh, right," Elizabeth stated, her eyebrows leaping up. "1 completely forgot." She pointed down towards the desk she had labored over, revealing a treasure wrapped in leather, "You will find everything you need in there."
"Will it be enough?" Helene asked sarcastically, shaking the heavy purse with a laugh.
"It should be," Elizabeth replied, sharing a chuckle, though she continued to prepare the last of her appearance with a somber expression. "Do you have everything you need?"
"I do," Helene stated, reaching for her cloak and throwing it on, the secrets of what she held, nestled beneath it. "Do you?"
"I do," Elizabeth stated, taking a deep breath and brushing the last creases of her atire off. She turned her eyes a final time to her mirror and tended to the details of her appearance. "Time to start the ceremonies and move towards what must come. Shall we go and do what we need to do?"
"Ready when you are," Helene replied.
"I will leave you to decide for yourself which destination you wish to visit first," Elizabeth said, making her way for the door with a stern expression. "Just make sure no one is following you."
"Understood," Helene replied, just as the lock to the door was released. "One last thing," she said before the hinges could whine. "Good luck, my Queen."
"I told you that you don't have to call me that," Elizabeth said, a smile returning to her face. "But, good luck to you as well, my friend."


Chapter 14
A Bribe at the Door


The sun was in the process of its late fall, as the days grew darker and shorter with each one that slipped away. Its rays fell short, no longer reaching into the alleys and streets with the warmth of its gentle touch, but rather, giving way to the night. Most had already fled with hurried steps, as their bundled selves rushed to warmth and shelter. Though, in the encroach of the dark and the bitter cold, there were a few who still remained in the streets.
"Hurry up men," Andreas ordered, waiting in the threshold of a splintered door for those who followed him to enter. "Get in and go deal with the ones we need to. Get it done fast and we will get to have a calm night. No need for anyone to wait outside the door tonight. Cold tends to keep trouble away. So, you can thank God for the cold and maybe even some mist in a little. Now, focus on those we already have. And bring me some wine."
One after another, the armed guards crossed through the threshold and quickly vanished within the structure of stone that held the criminals of the city. Though, as the last one entered and Andreas pulled the door shut, a figure moved over the desolate streets, as the objective of her sight beckoned her forward.
Barely had Andreas taken a seat and released a loud yawn, before a series of knocks called for his attention. With a grumble and a sigh, he turned his eyes back to the door, though he did not move to answer, remaining seated with still limbs and a look of annoyance. The one who knocked, did so again, the call of their knuckles echoing loudly. With a twitch that pulled his eye and forced wrinkles to grow, he advanced back towards the door.
"Who are you?" Andreas demanded, throwing the flap to the door open, and the faint remnants of his joy vanished with a heavy sigh. "Other than my problem?"
"Open this door for me, now," the cloaked woman at the door ordered.
"Under whose authority, love?" Andreas asked with a laugh.
In silence, she held up a purse towards the flap and shook it until it jingled. The metal held within its place by the leather, strained the straps in a tantalizing dance, as the beholder was left to imagine its contents.
"Under this authority."
Andreas' eyes grew wide and his eyebrows high, as he watched and listened to the sound. Finally, though, with a scoff and laugh rolled together, he slapped the flap to the door closed and left the woman to the solitude of her wealth.
There she stood like a statue holding the purse of coins, though not for long.
The sound of metal and timber clacked and banged against one another, as the teeth of the door let loose and swung open.
The touch of warmth left through the opening, and the light that had been kept within was set free, save for the figure that guarded
"Coin," Andreas demand, holding his hand out. "And that
"When I get what I want," she replied, throwing her eyes up and revealing her beauty to the man before her, though it did little to reveal her identity as the Queen's friend. "Then and only then can you have this."
"Which would be?" Andreas asked with a grumble, his eyes following the metal, although he was quickly made to walk with a lit candle.
"I'm looking for someone," Helene said to Andreas, as they marched down the hall. "Someone who would be skilled in criminal activities."
"You're both in the right and wrong place," he replied with a loud laugh that echoed down the dark halls. "This has criminals, but they all got caught. Don't know how good they will be to
you."
"And would you know where to find better ones then?"
Helene asked, her tone stoic and calm.
I mean..." Andreas said, his smile slowly vanishing, as the rendition of his own joy was stripped away and replaced by a stoic expression. "If I knew, they would be here. Sitting in a cell.
Waiting to be branded like the rest of them. But, I don't know for certain. You could try the taverns and inns, but they would probably cheat you out of that heavy purse of yours. Better that you stay here. Better if you let me carry it."
Helene seemed undeterred by his words, as her pace did not falter, and she continued to move through the structure. "Then who here are worth taking?"
"Depends what you have in mind," Andreas replied. "I doubt you want any of the men who have failed to pay their debts. Not much they can do... besides spend what isn't theirs. Got a few who assaulted a woman, if that's your thing, but they will soon be made useless in that department." He explained, holding two fingers up and moving them like scissors. "Got some who were drunk and heretics. And another that did some crimes with a knife."
"Do you know of any who can work with locks?" Helene asked, tuming her eyes into a cell, only to quickly pull back and cover her mouth. "And any who are not so... rotten."
Andreas turned his eyes up and down the hall, his expression showing one consumed by thoughts. With a slow nod he turned his gare down beyond any sight. "You're in luck. Caught to beggars just the other day."
Helene's feet fell still, as she stood in the hall and the light of the candle fell a few steps away. "I asked you if you had anyone who knew locks. I didn't ask you for a beggar."
"Come on," Andreas said, waving at her to follow, while doing litle to slow his limping gait. "You didn't let me finish.
You see, these two beggars were caught after they got into a brawl."
"What did they get into a brawl over?" Helene asked.
-The hell do I know?" Andreas asked back with a laugh. "I just caught them fighting. And like any beggar I come across, I put them in the pillory for a day and a night and then kick them out of the city. Like we're supposed to. Well, my wife, a bit like you, tells me I should be nice to them, seeing how it's almost the day of Christ's birth and all. So, being a good husband and not wanting to get on her bad side, I do as she wants and leave early to set them free. But, guess what?"
"What?" Helene questioned, playing along, the hint of sarcasm on her lips.
"The beggars were in the middle of escaping," Andreas continued, shaking his head. "And I don't mean trying to escape.
Like so many fools, shaking back and forth, or trying to use strength they don't have to move the timber. Or having some other fool come over and help them. I mean, one of them was out of his punishment. He had actually gotten himself free of his bonds. I almost didn't believe it myself, would have sworn it was someone else who had set him free, but no it was him alone. And I am sure that if I had arrived a moment later, he would have set the other one free."
"Sounds like I should thank your wife then," Helene said with a smile. "Weren't for her, they might have gotten away.
Might not have my man."
"Well, anyway, after I caught them, I knew that they were more than just your typical beggars passing through the city."
Andreas continued, seeming to ignore her words. "I figured anyone who could escape from the pillory, was someone worth taking a closer look at. Haven't had the chance to get to them yet, too many other "visitors' who need attention first. So that's why they are still beggars. Want to get a look at them before my men do?"
"Show me to them," Helene ordered.


Chapter 15
The Cracks of a Foundation


The faint chatter of a few dozen echoed in the open hall, as groups of self-interested men formed and gossiped with each other.
Some flowed like leaves in a stream, shifting from pool to pool, as if searching for something. All the while, others stood frozen where they were, content by those they stood beside. They whispered and plotted with each other, as the rendition of the world lay gripped in their fat fingers and the ambitions that drove them.
Benches and tables filled the space, though they all faced the same direction, to the empty thrones that stood before them. Yet, there were those that stood disregarded within the hall like pieces of furniture; the guards. They stood by the doors, still as statues, save for their eyes which subtly moved from one group to the next.
However, while the conversations of men dominated, and their individual agendas pushed forth, the Queen moved to join them with an agenda not limited to that of her own, but for those who would follow.
Down the hall she went, with only the company of her unborn child, as the green gown she wore fluttered with each step. Her pace was like her demeanor, calm and reserved, only the faintest hints of any ripples to shimmer in her eyes. Yet, before she could reach the whispers of the hall, a figure that cast a shifting shadow leaped in front of her with a dagger behind his smile.
"Ah, fair Queen, Elizabeth," Fodor said making his presence known. "And where are you off to with a pace like that?"
Elizabeth was unstartled, staring at him with little emotion.
"Shouldn't you be with the others in the hall?"
"Perhaps," Fodor replied. "I was in fact already with them. I was with them for so long that I decided to go and look for you.
And as luck would have it, here you are. I could almost call myself blessed."
"Almost but not quite," Elizabeth said, moving to step past him.
Yet, before she could, Fodor leaned his body and head into her path and as subtly as the sun rises, blocked her.
"My Queen, if I could just have a moment of your time, 1 would like to have a chat with you."
The light from the nearest flames fluttered and danced, as the two stared at one another. There they stayed, each forced to wait on the attention of the other, as the shadows tried in vain to pull their eyes.
"And what would you like to chat about?" Elizabeth finally
Fodor seemed to grow ever more content, his eyes glistening with excitement and hunger. "A great many things, a great many things."
Elizabeth was far from impressed with his cryptic reply and look rest leaning against the wall. "You must think highly of me, if you think I can read minds."
"Where is your helper?" Fodor asked, subtly studying her with a narrow gaze, "Does she not follow you around like a lost dog? Like a bitch, or a pup from one?"
"Why the concern?" lizabe on asked back calmly and colly, indifferent to the words of tone while leading her company forward with slow steps.
"I did not see her at the funeral," Fodor replied. "I was thinking—"
Elizabeth interrupted him with a laugh, her smile growing.
"I have already told Istvan that she is already married. Funny that you both would have an interest. I wonder if she would be pleased? I wonder if Istan will be concerned of the competition?"
"Funny," Fodor said with a false sense of amusement thinly masked. "You know you never answered my question."
"Do you enjoy having enemies?" Elizabeth asked serenely, her words forcing her companion's steps to falter.
"Enemies..." Fodor said, seeming to reflect on those words, before quickening his pace to catch up. "Your former husband, the late King, he once told me that anyone who makes a deal will always soon find an enemy. Now I enjoy making deals—"
"Everyone in the Kingdom knows that," Elizabeth interrupted with a laugh.
"Indeed, some are so bold as to say, that many outside the Kingdom know that as well," Fodor replied.
"And is there truth to what such people say?" Elizabeth asked, her eye fixated on him from the corner of her vision.
"I'm sure you know what they say about rumors," Fodor replied with a slight upwards curve to his lips.
Elizabeth maintained the pace they walked at for a moment, turning her gaze forward. There she strayed with her thoughts, until finally, with a smile of her own she spoke. "You like to quote my husband, the King, and he did always say there was truth in the rumors people spoke."
"Humph, I suppose he did," Fodor replied, his smile vanishing, leaving the two to stare at each other in silence.
The whispers of the hall now reached them, as well as the light from the many flames and the first of the guards who stood at their posts.
"You do know you are late," Fodor stated with a grin that ran from car to car. "A word from the wise. I would tell you that that was a mistake. Many, myself included, have had the luxury of talking amongst each other about a great many things. Being late gives men that opportunity."
Elizabeth grew a smile turning back and looking at the man.
"Maybe I had meant to be late. Did you not think of that?"
"What?" The grin that had reached from Fodor's ear to ear quickly vanish, as a look of concern gripped his face. "What?" He echoed with a tone that seemed more of a plea.
"You know, I am well aware of the meetings that go on outside of the council, and those that are planned," Elizabeth explained. "I am also well aware of what some of the worms that would eat this Kingdom have in mind, yourself included. Along with those who would call themselves wise. But, I do not know who stands with who. Well, I did not before tonight. Not before my men studied each and every one of you." Her feet carried her forward, advancing once more towards the hall, though again, she turned her sights back to her company. "Shall we? There is much to discuss in this ceremonial meeting."


Chapter 16
The First Encounter


e solitude of the night echoed loudly in the prison that was eir home. as the suffocating entrapment whispered the fear and inger of a thousand souls. They sulked with tears, besieged by the smell and tormented by the imagination that manifested within their minds. Though within a solitary room that held only no, the night seemed to finally pass with a docile calm that could be found an a warm day below the stars. However, as the sound of keys and locks bunged, and the door began to rattle, the tranquility that was, vanished.
"Company." Lucas said, propping himself up and pulling his head from its slumber. "Are they coming to get us, or are they going to feed us? I hope it's some food."
Paulus said nothing and did little to move while his eyes sat subtly opened watching the door, long aware of those that came.
Once more the door rattled, as a key was turned beyond their sight and a shoulder bardly pressed against it. The faint mumbles of a complaint could be heard on its other side, though the words were inaudible and swallowed by the prison's echoes.
"You two, get up." Andreas ordered with a bark, opening the door. "Get against the wall over there!"
"Finally," Lucas said to Paulus with a smile, as they both did as they were told. "We are finally getting some food. I hope the food is good. I have not eaten since they threw me in here threw us in here. Told you we didn't have to escape."
With a smile that seemed sinister in nature, Andreas stepped into the cell. "What was that about escaping?" he asked, towering over those in his presence. "You two been plotting something? Is that it?"
"Nothing," Paulus quickly replied. "He was just making a joke. A really stupid bad joke."
"Ugh-hum," Andreas said with his sight on the two, before finally calling to the one at the threshold of the door to come forth. "This woman wants to speak to you, and I expect you to listen. If you don't, you will cost me and if you do that, there will be trouble! You got that?"
"Why?" Paulus asked, keeping his sight forward and on his own shadow.
"I'm only going to say this once more," Andreas warned.
"This woman wants to speak to you. You both had better listen.
You got that?"
"Yes," Paulus and Lucas replied in union.
"Good," Andreas stated, turning to Helene before making for the door. "Say what you want."
"I'm looking for men who have certain skills," Helene said, stepping towards them as Andreas stepped out and closed the
door.
"Skills? Let me do the talking. I know just what to say." Lucas said with a whisper and a wide grin from cheek to cheek, as he stole a glance and ran his eyes all over Helene. "Hello, my lady, you're looking beautiful this evening..."
"Why do I feel like that's a bad idea?" Paulus asked himself with a sigh under his breath and a roll of his eyes.
"I hear you have asked for the best," Lucas continued. "Then I can finally tell you that you have chosen to talk to the right person. I am known far and wide for my skills. Skills that cannot "What, what?" Lucas asked baffled by the two.
"Turn around," Helene ordered. "I don't want to talk to your back."
"Let me do the talking," Paulus said to Lucas as he did as he was told. "I know just what to say."
"I was sure that would have worked," Lucas said stepping back to the wall.
"It might have," Helene commented. "I mean, not on me. But it might have worked on someone else."
"Someone more gullible," Paulus added, his words salt to Lucas' already wounded ego. "Or, maybe someone drunk. God I could use a drink..."
"Precisely," Helene agreed.
"So, what do you want?" Paulus asked.
"You're the one who escaped the pillory, is that right?" Helene asked, ignoring his question and answering it at the same time.
"And what if I am?" Paulus asked back suspiciously.
"He definitely is," Lucas said chiming in. "And can you believe he didn't let me out?"
"What is that smell?" Helene asked back, holding her scented cloth over her nose and mouth.
"It isn't me, my beautiful lady," Lucas replied with a semblance of pride, though he stole a quick smell of his armpit when eyes pulled away from him.
"It's this place," Paulus said chiming in. "Not exactly the finest inn."
Helene stared at him for a moment, giving a faimt nod and quickly moving her scented cloth back imo hiding, I think then the best thing would be to get out of this place and continue this conversation at an inn.™
"If only it were that simple," Paulus replied.
-It could be, if we would have tried the escape plan," Lucas added
I have an offer for you, for the both of you," Helene explained. "If you wish to hear, you will be released. If not, you will serve your punishment, which from what I hear, will be determined after some questioning."
-That does sound pretty good..." Lucas mumbled to himself, though the one who shared his company in the confines of their prison was far from impressed.
-What if we hear what you have to say but don't want to join? Paulus asked bluntly. *What do you have to say about that?
"I will only tell you the most basic of details and nothing else," Helene explained. "What do you say to that?" With a silent nod Paulus gave his agreement.
"We are both in," Lucas added with a hard clap.
"Good," Helene said. Guard," she called, turning towards the door. "They are coming with me."
With a grumble, Andreas threw open the door and waved them out. "Follow me then."
Back the way they had come, he guided them, as the wails and cries of his men's labor called out to all those that could hear.
Through a few open doors they stole a few glances, as men carried out punishments befitting the crimes.
*Just so you know..." Andreas explained over his shoulder leading them all towards the entrance. "There are no exceptions from any other crimes. They get caught, you're going to have to come back and pay again. Probably more than you have in that Purse."
"If they get caught, there won't be anything to come back to pay for," Helene replied, as the two men shared a brief look of uncertainty.
In a silence that consumed them, they marched the rest of the way, until before them loomed the worn door to their freedom.
"You can all go, once I get what is mine;" Andreas said, holding his empty hand out to Helene. "No more delays."
"Wait," Paulus ordered calling attention to himself. "Wait." All eyes fell on him with baffled and unsure expressions.
"Sounds like he wants to go back," Andreas said with a laugh, reaching for him with one arm, and with the other gesturing to the way back down the hall and towards their former place of slumber. "Go on. One of my men will take care of you until I finish here."
"No," Paulus replied, staring Andreas down. "I'm not going back and I'm not leaving. I'm not leaving until I get back what you took from me."
Helene and Lucas shared a quick glance, both searching for an answer they hoped the other had.
"And what would that be, huh?" Andreas asked with a roll of his shoulders.
"You know what," Paulus said, holding out his hand. "Give it back."
Andreas and Paulus continued to stare each other down, their resolve gleaming in their eyes. Neither man dared to blink, as if it would be to admit defeat and surrender what was at stake.
"What's he talking about?" Helene finally asked Lucas with a whisper.
"He has this thing with his purse, I don't know why," Lucas explained. "Don't think he will leave without it... But you know if you want, I don't mind going with you alone."
"Are you going to give it to him?" Helene asked, summoning both men's busy eyes.
"I think I'm going to give him something," Andreas replied, rolling his fingers into a fist. "Just not what he wants. What do you think, beggar?"
Paulus took a long deep breath and held it for a moment, before he let the warm air out of his lungs with an equally long exhale. His fingers rolled as well, just as his jaw began to tighten and his lips parted. Yet, before he uttered a word, he was held back by the words of another.
"Well, I guess we don't have a deal then," Helene suddenly said, causing each man to gasp before her. "Good thing I didn't give you this then," she added holding out the sack filled with coins and making it chime. "You can show me out."
"You are going to throw away the deal, for this guy's purse?" Andreas asked with a loud scoff, before raising his eyebrows.
"Really?"
"No, no, no," Lucas quickly said, chiming in. "Of course not.
I mean, we are already at the door."
"Me?" Helene asked, continuing to ignore Lucas. "No. But, I think you are. That's the way I see it. So, let me ask you, are you willing to throw away a deal for that man's purse? Even when I'm going to give you one? Because, if you are, you can just take them right on back."
Once more the resolve of Andreas was tested in the form of a stare, though unlike before, she mirrored his gaze.
"Fine," Andreas finally said, following his wiggling tongue with a pinch between his teeth. "Fine. Wait here."
Andreas turned and left the others to their company and the opportunity that the silence would bring, though there were no words that could be brought forth between them, as Paulus simply stared after where Andreas had gone.
"I don't know about you, but I think we could make a run for it" Lucas said, turning his eyes to the door. "I'm just saying -" Yet, before his plan could take shape, Andreas returned and reduced him to whistling in a corner.
With a hard toss, Andreas threw the purse right at Paulus.
"There," he said, turning his sight on Helene. "Happy, Even has his two pieces of rust."
Helene stole a glance at Paulus who held a tight grip c purse, with the hint of sorrow in his eyes and the fai indication of a smile. With a satisfied nod, she moved her I below her cloak and pulled the sac of coins forth and Andreas' hand, but refused to release her grip, as she stared down. "Not a word. Of me, of them, or of this."
"Of course," Andreas replied with a grin. "Would be ba everyone. But, if you think of anyone else you want to ge whatever thing, you don't have to look further than me. My could always use more of a jingle."
"I won't forget," Helene said as she continued to hol stare. "This is the place where men who break the law ca found," with that, what grip she had of the coins was release the one before her. "Open the door."
With a final nod, a smile, and a jingle of the purse, he pres past the three, opened the door and allowed them to depart.
Helene led them away through the quiet streets in silence a mist slowly descended upon the city. Its eerie encroachn melded with the cold, swallowing what few souls braved consumption in silence. Though, the group that was being was not without its voice.
"Thanks," Paulus mumbled to Helene, following her shad in the night. "Thank you."


Chapter 17
The Rejection


The cold of the night accompanied the light of the countless stars, as they shined down on the otherwise still scene. Their unobstructed beauty lay for a seemingly rare change unbothered by the veil of the clouds, or the opulence of the self-important moon. They glimmered with a beauty that demanded attention, though for those that did not sleep, the chance to lull in the embrace of such a spectacle was unknowingly fleeting. Yet, for most, as they focused on their closed eyes or the distractions of being awake, they soon found themselves too close to the ground to appreciate the beauty that lay covered by the ever-thickening
Three such souls made their way through the veil of water, as they advanced with speed towards the light of a great deal of candles.
"You weren't joking about an inn," Lucas said with a smile on his face, catching sight of a hanging empty barrel. He wasted little time and rushed forward through the door, the other two following at their own pace.
The inn was crowded with the rowdy spirit of men who had had too much to drink. Worn tables and long benches filled the space, as drink and food were called to be consumed. A man who seemed more of a guard stood behind a counter, as he restricted the quantity of inebriating nectar that flowed passed him, though the only restraint was the demand of payment.
"Sit there," Helene ordered to Lucas and Paulus, pointing 1o an empty table at the far end of the room.
"What about you?" Lucas asked.
"Drinks, food," Helene replied, leaving their side and beginning to speak to the owner.
With a nod that called Lucas to follow, Paulus led the way.
He pressed past the crowds, as the sights and smells distracted him, though he fought to ignore them.
"This place is great," Lucas said, as every distraction caught his eye. He waved to the women with a smile, though was quickly drawn to the food and drink that moved just out of reach. "I can't wait to fill my belly." He slid onto the far side of the bench and drummed his hands over the scattered red of the table.
Paulus was silent on his chosen seat, right on the edge of the bench and table, as if at a moment's notice he would rush forth and depart.
"What are you going to eat?" Lucas asked.
"You should be taking this more seriously," Paulus replied.
"What do you mean?" Lucas questioned, continuing to follow each distraction that called to him.
"I mean, don't you think that it's a bit suspicious that we are here?" Paulus asked. "Don't you think it's all a little too good to be true? Don't you think we are in a situation that could put us in a worse place than the place we were?"
"So, do you think we should try and leave the city?" Lucas asked, leaning in closely. "Make a run for it, after we are given our meal? What do you think? I could pickpocket a few people before we do, you know. The inn is pretty crowded. Could make a good getaway. What do you say? We could get away from whatever it is that woman wants with us. Remember what she said? If we get caught doing whatever she wants us to do, there won't be anything we can do to get out of that cell."
Paulus opened his mouth to reply, though before he could, he was silenced by the approaching presence that shifted his fate.
"I ordered us some food and drink," Helene explained, taking a seat in front of the two. "Should be here in a moment.
You both can—"
"You got us out a few moments ago," Paulus interrupted.
*You got us here now. I think I can speak for both of us when I ask, what is it you want?"
"Yeah," Lucas added. "What is it you want? Not that we are not happy with you getting us out of that place, and for getting him his purse back, but it would be nice to know what's going on. Maybe we had some connection that you noticed at the King's mourning? I do have that affect. Would not be the first time."
"No, just no," Helene replied, softly shaking her head. "Let's begin by me saying, thank you. I appreciate you coming, both of you."
"Well, you did threaten to have us thrown back in a worse place than the pillory," Paulus commented, under his breath.
Helene ignored the comment, simply letting it be swallowed by the noise of the inn. "If you both do not want the pleasantries, fine. We can delve right into the thick of it."
"So, what do you need?" Paulus asked, leaning closer and keeping his words between only their ears.
"Like I said," Helene explained. "I need you for a task."
"What task?" Paulus asked.
"I will tell you about that after I decide whether or not you are both the right men for the task I have," Helene explained.
unsure of what to say.
The two turned to one another with a look of confusion.
"Then why did you get us out?" Paulus finally asked.
"Wait," Lucas added, struggling to grasp the complication o what he had been told. "Yeah, why did you give that sac of coin: for us? Not that I'm complaining or anything. But, why do that?"
"For once he has a point," Paulus added pointing to him with his thumb.
Helene leaned forward with a serious expression and rested there with her eyes on both men. "What he says only has meri, if you consider that the price I paid to set you free was a thing of substantial value. If, however, you see it the way I do, the way the one I serve does, then you know that the cost was at most a drop in a far larger bucket. One of such small proportions, that should we succeed with what we need doing, I can promise each of you far more."
A lull hung between them all, as the hustle of the inn tried to reach out to them, like a child that pulled on their sleeves again and again, but was cast down at every seeming opportunity, until unexpected company joined them.
With a hard thump, a woman as appealing as she was unappealing, placed filled cups of wine and water before them all, a few drops spilling onto the already stained table. "I will bring the food out in a bit," she said as she departed just as suddenly as she had appeared. "Might be a while."
A heavy sigh left Paulus when he reached for the cup in front of him and filled his mouth with as large a portion as he could.
"He knowns what to do," Lucas stated.
"What do you want to know?" Paulus asked his host.
"Let's start with you," Helene said, turning her undivided attention to Paulus. "You have a brand on your hand, do you not?
Below that rag, yes?"
Paulus was silent, trying to subtly move his hand to the cover that was his rag, though such a reaction only drew his companion's eyes. "What does that have to do with anything?"
"They allow branded men into the city?" Helene asked, as she pressed softly and calmly for an answer.
"No, they don't," Paulus commented cautiously watching the walls and any shadows that lingered. "Is that what this is about?"
"No, I only want to know what I have asked," Helene
replied.
"So, what, you want to know how i got into the city and close up the holes? Paulus asked. "Keep others from finding their way in?"
"Wait, then why am I here?" Lucas asked, pointing to himself. "I don't have any brands. See," he held his hands out and showed his wiggling fingers. "Not as nice as a nobleman, but nice enough to hold a noblewoman."
"You want to get rid of the beggars?" Paulus pressed, ignoring his company. "Is that it?"
"T'm not a beggar," Lucas said, his eyes still on Helene. "In case you were confused. I mean, not that you would be?" He said as he gestured down at his attire. "I just needed to make sure your pretty eyes could tell."
Paulus turned to the man, with a look that appeared strained and the last bit of his patience running short. "You done?"
"Yeah, alright," Lucas quickly replied, his voice made weak.
"You haven't answered my question," Helene said, her eyes sitting on Paulus.
"You haven't answered mine either..." Paulus replied under a muffled breath.
The small company was left in a momentary silence.
"Let's just say that your mumble was a yes and move on, alright?" Helene asked.
A slow nod followed her words.
"So, let's say you know how to get into places you aren't supposed to be, would that be an accurate statement?" Helene continued.
"I can," Paulus replied cautiously. "But—"
"But he has other skills," Lucas interrupted with excitement.
"Such as?" Helene asked with only a slight inclination of genuine suspicion seeping forward. "Escaping from the pillory in the middle of the night? The guard that was watching you told me. He seemed quite taken to you.  Could only image what would have happened if I hadn’t shown up."
"I already thanked you for that," Paulus replied. "As well as the—"
"They don't brand beggars," Helene interrupted firmly.
"They flog them and kick them out. The only ones to get a brand are criminals, at least on the hand. They do brand some on the face, makes it harder to hide. But you have to have done something bad to get that."
"How do you know all this?" Lucas asked, his eyes going from her to Paulus.
"That's not important," Helene replied. "What is important, is that you tell me why you got it, that brand."
Paulus held her stare, seeming to wait for something that was not coming. "Why?" he finally asked.
"I have to be sure you are the right person." Helene replied.
"Right for what?" Paulus asked back, holding her stare.
"What do you want to know?"
"Let me ask you a final time," Helene said crossing her arms and leaning in. "What did you do to earn that brand?"
Paulus stared at her for a moment, feeling the hungry eyes of her and the young man at his side as they waiting to see what secrets he would reveal.
"I used to work with locks," Paulus finally replied. "I used my knowledge of them to take what I needed once. The guild took notice and with them the city watch. Rest is history. I take it that is enough to keep you happy."
A long lull held the air between them.
"You know how to pick locks?" Lucas demanded, bounced his eyes back and forth between his company. "Is that how you got out of the pillory? That's awesome. Can you teach me? I think I could-
"Good," Helene interrupted with a nod, covering her smile.
"You will be perfect. Simply perfect. And you still have your skill with them? I mean, more than is needed to escape where you did?"
A pause gripped the conversation, as Paulus was hushed and seemed to be lost in his head. He grasped his drink once again and swallowed a large mouthful, before speaking. "Yeah."
"Of course, he does," Lucas said, with a slap on the table.
"That is why I spend my time with him. Why else would I spend time with an old bag like him? And that's why we deserve the good stuff."
"Excellent," Helene replied.
"So, what's next?" Lucas asked in confusion. "Other than waiting for the food? Got some questions for me? Remember, you can't have him without me."
"Next, you are going to meet the one I serve," Helene explained.
"And is he going to tell us what we need to do?" Lucas asked.
"She," Helene replied with a faint smile. "She will tell you what she wants of you."
"She?" Lucas asked. "I never say no to meeting a woman.
Especially one who wants my skills."
"That reminds me," Helene added. "You're a pickpocket, right?"
"You know of my reputation?" Lucas asked with the excitement of a child. "You have heard of my amazing skills?"
"No," Helene replied bluntly. "I just heard you talking about it earlier. But, it's a good thing. I think there will be a role for you in what we have planned."
"I think I have heard enough," Paulus suddenly stated pressing his hands against the table and rising. From his treasured purse, he plucked his two green copper coins and threw them onto the table. "I am grateful to you for getting me out of that imprisonment, but I will not trade one for another. I have places I have to be."


Chapter 18
The Acceptance



Loud voices filled the air, as the flames of a thousand candles painted the walls with their silent dance. Though, in the sea of pleasure and comfort, there was one who pressed past them making his way to depart. No distraction called his eyes, no scent pulled his attention, only the door stood in his sight, the only escape from his past, present, and future.
With a hard press of his shoulder that struck a passerby, Paulus swung open the door and took a few steps beyond the comfort of the warmth and light, lingering there as the cold reached into him. Yet, before the temptation of the sanctuary he had turned his back to could grasp a hold of him, he began to walk away, though not far. Moving over the mud and ice, he crossed beyond the reach of the warmth and of light.
For a moment he paced back and forth, before finally throwing his back against a wall and slumping down. In a still state that left his eyes staring down at the ground, he saw to pass his time.
A light snow fell over the slated roofs, slowly sticking with a fervent cold that forced those outside of shelter to shiver.
Puddles froze, and cracks grew over their surface, as the dark of the night lay veiled by the mist, which only grew more pronounced with each moment that passed.
With slow movements that forced a few flakes from his head. Paulus extended his hand into the night. His branded limb was only sheltered by the warmth of a stained rag, and he silently pleaded for some measure of wealth that would fill his precious purse. Though, the company that was coin did not join him, but rather that of a woman who had also abandoned the warmth of the inn.
"Is this really where you want to be?" Helene asked, standing before him.
"It is," Paulus replied.
"Fine." Helene said, as she sat down beside him.
Paulus turned his attention to her and stole a glance, raising his eyebrow before turning his sight back to the inn. "You know you just sat in something I would not want on me."
Helene looked down for a moment, though quickly returned her sight to him. "Still a good seat," she said with a smile.
"You ruined your clothes," Paulus said keeping his eyes forward.
"Worth it," Helene replied with an indifferent shrug. "It's a good view from here. The place you were in a moment ago was better wasn't it? With the light. With the warmth. With the company and food, drink, and your friend."
"He's not my friend," Paulus mumbled.
"Partner then," Helene replied. "Also, that is not all. It is the support of the one whom I serve. That is really all I need." A lull hung between them, as the sounds of the inn called to them. They watched as the world passed them by, comical joys beyond them. Helene watched with the hint of content, as the sight of happiness forced a smile on her face.
"So, that's your answer?" Helene asked.
"Look," Paulus stated with a sigh. "You came to me with a thing in mind that is so drenched with trouble I don't want to be even near you when you do finally get the courage to tell me. As 're all alone, waiting for someone that isn't coming? Do you ant to wait in the cold for a few pieces of copper? Or do you. int to come back inside and hear what I have to say and maybe n enough to fill that purse you were so desperate to get your kunds be hands back on with gold? And while you're at it, get something woth far more, for yourself and the Kingdom. What do you say?
Do you want to try to have a meal with me? Do you want to try to listen to what I have to say?"
Paulus grumbled, pulling his extended hand back inside the
shelter of his cloak. "Food should be ready."


Chapter 19
The Viper’s Nest


The sound of a fire crackled, as sparks unied out only to be swallowed by the cold, though from its light so too came shadows. Is sound was no vestige of a melody to aide those ho waited in their company, but rather one that seemed to boil nothing but the blood of those that found themselves in is embrace. They reached far and swallowed one another, as the figures that cast them watched one another with suspicion and doubt, until finally one of them spoke.
"This is getting ridiculous," a man by the name of John Hunyadi grumbled to the other half dozen, shifting his weight in his chair and letting an already unpleasant face grow worse with a scowl. He scratched his mustache, running his chewed nails through the curly hair that was his facial feature.
With a loud crank, the lock loosened its teeth and the hinges of the door gave way to the figure that stood on the other side.
Steps quickly drew the attention of the room, as the host made his entrance with a smile.
"My fellow noblemen," Istan said, moving to the empty chair that awaited him. "I thank you for your patience."
"So, why have you brought us here, Istvan?" Fodor pretended to demand, before his host could take his seat."I want to know why you have kept us waiting." John added as he chimed in, the drum of his fat fingers sounding loudly against the able. "It ten they arive? Tha 5 a han does 0o even greet his guests' when they arrive? That's what I want lo
"You seem to want to know a lot of things," Istan stated with a grin, as the obviously practiced speech he had memorized left his lips with confidence. "You want to know a lot of things, but you don't seem to want to ask the right question."
The men at the table turned to one another with suspicion. A few whispers could be heard, as the ones that made them tried in vain to hide the wiggle of their tongues. Yet, there was one among them that was unimpressed with the rehearsed dialogue.
"Quit the act and just tell us," John ordered with a tempered voice.
Istvan looked to him with a heavy glare that hid little of his contempt. "We are going to force the Queen to submit to the King of our choice."
A faint laugh echoed in the room, as the nobles were left once again to look to one another.
"You're serious?" John asked.
"You're thinking about calling the council to vote, on that?" Fodor asked, once again playing his part. "That is a novel idea."
"Indeed," Istvan replied. "These are trying times gentlemen.
We have the Ottomans to the south to contend with. They who are actively trying to swallow us whole. We are surrounded. And at any moment, they could advance upon us. If we do not have them dealt with and we do not have the strength of a capable leader on the throne, we might as well leave an invitation for the wolf to come and devour us." He paused only to study the faces of those who hung on his words and buried his smile. "Currently, the council is assembled, and we have plenty of time to deliberate Whether or not we want to be the voice for the Kingdom. Whether we wish to be the deciding force."
"Individually our power is strong, when compared to those below us," Fodor explained, with words that drew anger from those whose ears were filled with them. Yet, he did not give them the opportunity to leap at his pause.
But, when our authority is held in unison, not even royal blood can contend with us. Not in this Kingdom, or those of our neighbors."
Slow nods of agreement spread, as the anger evaporated and the mood was replaced with a hint of joy and the stench of ambition. Nearly each man's eyes shone with a silent desire, as the faint mumble of words of power and wealth echoed and reverberated. Though, there was one who did not seem to share the direction of the room, and who sat like a boulder against the tide of the encroaching storm.
"So, you wish to force the Queen, is that it?" Count Ulrich Cillei asked, finally releasing his thought. "You wish to have her made a puppet?"
"You finally speak, Ulrich," Istvan said, leaning forward and shifting his weight onto the table. "The last time I think I heard your voice was at the King's funeral. You were with the Queen, were you not? Chatting with her? Gossiping. Wiggling your tongue."
"I was consoling her," Ulrich replied with a tone that was defensive and harsh. "She had lost her husband, in case you had forgotten. You know, the man who was the father to her children."
"And do you still console her?" Istvan asked with a devilish grin. "Still giving her company?"
"How dare you?" Ulrich growled, pushing back the chair he sat on and quickly rising. "You would dare speak that way about the Queen?"
"Calm down, Ulrich," Fodor said. "We are only talking about a woman."
"She is the Queen," Ulrich said.
"She ls a women." Podor replied, as he echoud his own
"Pacity," fatvan waid, "She is a woman, She is a woman, a woman who happens to be a Queen. It does nothing to change the Ter that the la not worthy to hold the throne alone,"
"She does not want to hold the throne," Ulrich replied, his tone made evermore harsh. "She only wants what is best for her children. For her unborn son. And she is more than capable to sit on the throne."
"Are you to say she is more capable than any of us?" Fodor demanded, as the tension in the room continued to rise,
"I can't speak for everyone, but I can certainly say for you!" Ulrich shouted back, forcing the man to leap up in anger with his words. "I can certainly say more than most of you!"
The rambles of wise men soaked the walls, as they waved their limbs and turned their faces red, in a savage display that tried to dominate those before them. Yet, as they did, there were a few who remained silent, watching and waiting, if only for a moment longer.
"So, where do you stand?" Istan suddenly demanded to know, laying his ultimatum down and shrouding the room in silence. "Ulrich, will you be with us in the room, or will you go and stand by the Queen?"
One after another, the men's red faces faded back to the calm demeanor they had been before. They stared at him in a seemingly patient manner, the last semblances of the turbulence passing like the trickle of dew following a storm.
"What do you say?" Fodor added, pressing the question.
Ulrich was silent as he stared at those in his company, "I chose what is best for the Kingdom and I choose what is best for the Queen." He finally replied. With a nod, he pushed himself away from the table and that of the company and without another word, moved to the door.
"Hey," the others protested at his departure, though they were subdued by their apparent ringleader.
"Let him go," Istan ordered with a wave, as the door was ammed closed. "We don't need him. And we don't even have worry about him, or the Queen for that matter, saying anything anyone. Let him run to the Queen. We have all the information e need. We just need to acquire the majority of the council and rce our will onto the others. No one, and I mean no one, will be ble to stand against us.

Chapter 20
The Second Stage


In the faintest light of the early dawn, where shadows sat still and the deep thoughts of dreams still had authority, the cold of the moming gripped the city and left those who lingered on the cusp of awakening, to cling tightly to their covers for warmth. Though, while the city lulled in those final moments before the hustle of the day would awaken its streets, there was within shelter movement that already took place.
Grains of sand poured through the narrow curves of the hourglass in near silence, their weight betraying them. While in the embrace of the room, two other pair of shadows shifted their weight about turning their attention back and forth.
"What's taking so long?" Lucas asked, pacing back and forth. "I don't like this. I don't like this at all. First having to wake up so early and now this. I feel like I'm being watched... I feel like I'm being trapped."
"I guess that makes two of us," Paulus replied watching the man in his company move back and forth. "I need you to stop doing all of that. I don't like the pacing or the complaining. It's making me nervous. So, why don't you just stop?"
"Don't you think it's odd that we are in this place?" Lucas asked, gesturing to the wealth that was on full display all around them. He gestured to the fine tapestries and painted walls, to the ornate furniture and the wealth in the form of items and books. "I mean look at all this... Isn't she afraid we're going to steal all of this?"
"It means they trust us, at least to some degree," Paulus replied running his eyes over the decor. "Or that we said something that got her attention. Probably at the inn. Or they just need us. Or they are testing us. Or they—"
"All I am hearing from you is that you don't have a clue about what's going on." Lucas interrupted with a nervous demeanor, as he continued to pace back and forth. "I don't like this. I don't like this one bit. I feel like a rat."
Paulus's grew a look of annoyance as he blew out a warm stream of air and rolled his eyes. "A rat?"
"Yeah, you know, a rat," Lucas explained, as he finally fell still. "The ones you see at night. In the streets. They got those eyes, and those teeth."
"Are you really explaining what a rat is to me?" Paulus asked.
"Well, you know, a rat," Lucas continued. "Think about this.
How do you think they feel being watched when a cat is around?
The hairs on the back of their necks must be raised when they are. That's how I feel right now."
Paulus stared at him for a moment, with the hint of humor behind a faint smile. "Do you think rats have necks?"
"They must have," Lucas quickly replied. "Right? I mean, how else can they look up? They do look up, right?" His words faded away and one could only imagine what thoughts echoed in his mind.
"Look, what are you so worried about?" Paulus inquired, te smile still on his lips. "Worst case is we lose a little bit of time's all. Better than getting hit in the face with a shovel."
"The hell you talking about? Lucas demanded to kon. casting away all semblance of his former thoughts and side. by panic. "You think we're going to get hit by a shovel?"
Paulus squeezed the bridge of his nove pressing his eyes closed and letting out a slow, but loud sigh. "I didn't say that."
"Look, this is what I think, I say we just grab a few trinkets and go on our own way," Lucas suddenly announced, plucking the practically empty hourglass into his hand along with whatever he could find. "Grab some of this, and some of that, What do you say, are you with me? I know a guy who will take this. Give us a few coins. And for all this, I'm talking silver. We could even go back to the inn we were in when we got set free. The food was good there. Real good. Drinks watered down. But the food_"
"Stop it," Paulus ordered, stomping over to him. "This is not the time for your... Whatever it is you do to get into trouble. Just sit down and wait."
Lucas stared at him for a moment with a still expression. His mouth opened and closed, searching for the right words as reason tried to burrow its way forth, though to no avail.
"No," he finally said, stepping past him and proceeding on a path to leave the room.
"Fine, but you're not taking that," Paulus ordered, quickly catching up and trying to pluck the hourglass from his once condemned accomplice. "Give the rest here."
"No," Lucas replied, tightening his grip on what he held.
"It's mine."
The two men grabbed at one another, struggling to dominate the other. They pushed and pulled as they both tried to keep their hands on the items in the room. Though, as they fought, they were oblivious to the door and the well-kept hinges that turned without so much as a whine.
"Thank you for waiting," Helene said, entering the room as the two men leaped apart in startled shock. "We didn't mean to have you wait for so long... What are you?"
The two men stared in surprise at Helene, quickly shaking their heads in silent defense at what they could only guess was pressing its way through their recruiter's mind. Before a word could be uttered, they leapt even funther apart leaving a Bap of space between them.
"We were.., we were.." Lucas mumbled putting down what he carried on the nearest ledge. "I think they look better like this." Moving things around,~ Paulus added, as he too did the
same thing. "That's right, moving things around."
Helene watched the two men for a moment in silence, as she seemed to struggle to draw forth the right words. "Well, I suppose they could have been in different places," she finally replied, still taken aback, and trying to collect herself.
nothing is missing... No, that doesn't matter. I am about to present someone to you. Someone that I am sure you have no knowledge of how to greet. So, that being said, please stand over there," she ordered calmly, pointing to the far side of the room.
The two men did not even share a nod, moving as they were told. They stood on the far side of the room, waiting for Helene to open the door fully and reveal the one they had come to see.
"So, who are we going to meet?" Lucas finally asked, before he turned his attention to Paulus with a grin. "It's a woman. You think she's pretty?"
His question however, was left unanswered, as Paulus paid him little attention and Helene swung the door open once again.
There in the threshold, stood a still and tall figure whose appearance was shrouded by shadows and draped in secrecy, except for the fact that she was a woman. She dawdled in the doorway for a moment, her eyes peering through her own cast shadows and onto the two who stared back.
Helene was quick to bow, holding the door for the cloaked Queen. Yet, for the other two who waited in the room, there was little movement, beyond their raised eyebrows.
"Do you know who this is?" Helene demanded, closing the door and gesturing politely to Elizabeth, who still hid below her dark cloak.
The two men looked at one another, blank stares on both their faces. "Should we?" they finally asked in unison with a roll of their shoulders.
"Should we care?" Lucas added, trying to see through the shadows that swallowed her face, much to no effect.
"Then it is better that way," Elizabeth stated with a smile, as she subtly requested with a wave to Helene that the issue should be left at that. "Until I can trust them."
"What makes you think you can't trust us?" Lucas asked.
"Most of the things in the room seem out of place," Helene replied with an eyebrow raised and a point of her nose.
With a grin and a scratch to the back of his head, Lucas released a faint laugh. "Yeah, that makes sense."
"There was a rat," Paulus stated with his usual demeanor, that screamed the need for more sleep. "So, what do you want from us? I hope you know though, that when we spoke to your lady here, I was clear that I would not do anything that involved getting blood on my hands."
"A rat?" Helene asked under her breath, her words going unnoticed.
"I want you to precure something for me, so that I may bestow it upon my unborn son's head," Elizabeth explained revealing her abdomen and stroking her belly. "And yes, she has explained that to me, though I am glad at your conviction. There was never a need or even a thought for you to do such things." Lucas nodded slowly lost in the labyrinth that was his mind.
*Like a cap? You do know they sell them at the market? I mean, I could try and steal one for you, if that is what you want. Your lady friend who took us to the inn, yeah, there, saw a few people drink themselves to sleep. I could run and grab one off of them." Elizabeth's smile grew releasing a light laugh, as Helene
joined in the levity of it.
"She's saying she wants us to get her something that isn't so easy to get our hands on," Paulus explained, keeping his eyes on the woman before him. "Something kept beyond the reach of your average man. That about right?"
"Acutely," Elizabeth replied.
"What?" Lucas asked back.
"I means right." Paulus replied before the others could. "So, what would this thing be that we need to get for you? And why is it so hard to get our hands on?"
sy know what 'right means." Lucas mumbled to himself? under his breath.
Elizabeth opened her mouth to reply, though before the words could escape her lips, she was rendered silent by her smile, if for only a moment. "It's something that only those of royal blood can acquire. At least, until recently only they could."
"Lady..." Paulus said with a heavy sigh. "I don't know who you are. And honestly, I don't much care. What I need to know, is what your plan is. I need to know if you actually have one. I need to know the details of everything, if you want me to be a part of this... let's call it, venture of yours. And I definitely need more than just a line about royal blood. You don't need to sell us some lie, we are here."
"Are you from this Kingdom?" Elizabeth asked, her tone undeterred by the words spoken.
"I am," Paulus replied, his eyes narrowing and a semblance of suspicion growing in the back of his mind.
"Allow me to formally introduce myself then," Elizabeth stated, removing her cloak and the hood that covered her head, revealing her existence to the world before her. "I am Elizabeth, Elizabeth of Luxembourg. I am the sole child of The Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund. And I am the Queen to the throne of Hungary. I am your Queen."
The two men stared at her in frozen disbelief, not even a gasp leaving their lips or a blink obstructing their vision. Time seemed to pass at a pace that could not be measured, as the grains of sand in the hourglass were still and all together on one side.
"Wait, what?" Lucas finally asked with a shake of his head.
"She said she was the hen, aulus whispered a reply.
"The Queen of Hungary... The Queen..."
"Yeah, I heard that," Lucas said with a whisper. "But, how do we know that? Aren t royal blood people supposed to be taller or something?"
"Only a few of us," Elizabeth replied with a laugh. "My uncle was at least."
"She is the Queen," Helene said, her voice holding the authority she was used to. "She is the one I serve."
"So..." Lucas said, beginning to lower his head and starting 1o box. yre we like us said simula Que as another gave a
more fervent answer.
"Yes—" Helene said alongside him.
The two stared at one another with a gaze that seemed to challenge one another's authority.
"You do not," Elizabeth suddenly said, with a soft and calm whisper that left a tingle to climb up the spines of both men. "In fact, allow me the honor," she added closing her eyes and bowing before the two of them.
"My Queen," Helene said in disbelief. "You can't lower yourself!"
"These men are worthy to bow to," Elizabeth explained, standing upright and stepping closer to them. "They may hold the very fate of the Kingdom, of myself, and that of my unborn son in their hands. That is worthy to bow to. That is worthy to stand beside them for."
The slow light from the rising sun reached into the solitude of the room, as those that had the haunting words in their ears, stared in disbelief. Their eyes were nailed to the one before them, as she stepped closer and the faint details of her beauty could be seen.
"Lady..." Paulus finally managed to mumble. "You didn't need to... Even if you aren't... the Queen. I mean -"
"You wanted to koow the plan, did you not?" Elizabeh
ted, mopping his mumble in its tracks. "I will tell you it. The in time we meet. Let us say, in one week we will discuss it. nil then, I an sure you can both keep your discretion about eling me. The fate of the Kingdom and every soul within her may very well rest upon it."


Chapter 21
The Pieces in Movement


The high sun shone bright and warm with rays that reminded those who sat in their embrace about the distant relations that was the summer. Were it not for the crisp air that left breaths growing into clouds of mist and the lack of song from those with wings, one who had awoken from a long slumber might have thought winter was as far away as the memories of their dreams.
"It's a nice day," Fodor said, staring out the open window, the once imbedded ice beside the window dripping and running away. "Makes you wonder what everyone is doing out in the bright world. Makes me wonder what those like the Queen are doing. Probably still in bed sleeping, right?"
"You trying to distract me or something?" Istvan asked, keeping his eyes on a piece of parchment and the ink that lay scratched upon it. "Or are you trying to waste all the heat with the open window?"
"So, what did you think of the meeting?" Fodor asked. "I think it was a success."
"We were forced to react to the Queen's agenda," Istvan explained with a grunt, as he stood up, walked to the fire, and threw the piece of parchment into the fire. "You do know that, right? You do know that we were outplayed by the Queen to an oventaning doge right? verything has ben reacting o her
Fostr held an air of contemps, considering the words that huroved into his ego. "Everything it was her think the Quen is to one who made a mistakc, think it as her that might tae in he us react, it was her boldness, no, I should say, it was her arrogance that revealed what it was she was doing. It was either that, or i was my own skill with rhetoric and words that drew her out, much like the poison from a wound."
"Spying on us," Istan said with a harsh tone of voice, and ignoring the self-praise. "Watching us, while we were going through the rhythms of those ceremonies."
"I would have done the same," Fodor mumbled to himself.
"She has no sense of honor, does she?" Istan continued with his harsh voice. "What we are doing, we are doing for the benefit of the Kingdom. We may get a little bit of an advantage from it, but our goal has always been to secure the Kingdom. That is what history will remember, nothing else. She only wants to put herself on the throne. Or that failed excuse of an unborn son. Assuring us that her physician is right when he claims a boy is on the way... Probably been paid off... Probably even let the King die so he could get close to the Queen... We can only hope she passes while giving birth. That would solve my problems."
"I think things are going quite well," Fodor finally said, his smile drawing levity into the room. "I think things are going to work well. We have the numbers. We have the majority we need.
We have the authority to bend her to our will. We have everything we want. I say we should celebrate the victory. Stop burning parchment as if you were some sort of witch. We both know you are too cheap a man. We should arrange a feast. Invite are on the border."
are on the border.
Istvan stared at him with such a gaze, that malice alone would have been pleasant by comparison. With slow steps, he began to approach, as each thump was followed by another and his shadow grew. "You want me to be less cautious? You want to celebrate? You want to claim victory? You want to say that we have won?"
-Well..." Fodor tried to reply, though could not, as his steps were driven back with his companion's advance.
"There is nothing to celebrate," Istvan continued. "Nothing.
I want you to understand that. That woman, she can still be a threat to me. She can still find a way to wiggle free from me. Not until the vote is cast and her lips and tongue bow to me will there be anything to celebrate. Understand? Not until the vote. Until then, there is nothing. So, I will continue to burn and purge all evidence of what we are doing. Because, unlike you, I know what will happen if the vote fails. Because, unlike you, I know what will be waiting for us and every other man that casts a vote against that woman. I know, it is about time that you did too." Fodor held a long stare at the man before him, as the rant of a lecture died out. With a sudden burst of laughter, he spoke between chocking gasps of hysteria. "Is this a God damned church? I had no idea I was in the company of the Archbishop himself. Do you hear what you are saying? You're making the Queen into some kind of master conspirator. Some sort of shadow inside a shadow. Was it not you that said, she is just a woman? Was it not you that assured alongside me that there was nothing to fear from her, as long as we had the majority?"
"You need to be more vigilant until the vote is cast," Istan ordered, turning his attention back to his work. "You need to have more doubt in the world around you. Until then, the Queen, that woman, has authority. But, once we have our way, she will be under our thumbs, like all women are supposed to be. Then and only then, can we celebrate."
With another long stare, Fodor turned his attention towards the window once again. He held his eyes at the beauty of the city and the faint sight of smoke that rose from the chimneys. There he remained in solitude, as the world beyond whispered in tranquility once again.
"We've already won," he finally mumbled to the city, as the warmth of his breath met the cold.


Chapter 22
Beggars Return 


The light of the sun's early rise shone brightly against the snow, as the extended grip that faint trid the warmth of the day at bay was finally released. The faint trickle of drops fell to the ground, as the trees cast off what snow lingered on them and moved to restore their limbs to a barren state. The remnants of fallen leaves permeated through the ice and snow, its purity rendered stained.
Though, in the serenity of nature, there was an intrusion that broke the scene.
With a whine of an old rusty hinge, the door to a quaint home swung open as Mathias pressed his hand against it and yawned wide. His arms stretched wide, as his jaw cracked before finally being allowed to settle. His head tilted from side to side, the cracks of his neck sounding loudly. His eyes were pressed tightly closed, as he brought his hands to rub them and remove the moming grime. Yet, as he finally finished and his eyes opened, a sight instantly caught his attention and made his heart flutter.
Eyes growing wide, he watched the open door to his barn flutter ever so slightly in the wind, as the small window was once again left open. With limbs that moved as fast as the heart pumped blood through them, Mathias rushed over to the barn. He stormed in, his hands in fist, ready to deliver a blow against any who might have been doint was hin ed trous. Thousa betas he could, the wind in his sail was robbed from him, as he caus a familiar sight.
"Don't start," a figure wamed, laying just beyond the reach Where the hell have you been? Mathias demanded lo Know, the words echoing through Phlus who had len he
Where the hell have you beenuathias demanded lo know, the words echoing through Wheus who had let the structure open to the cold's breath. " When the hell did you get back? We have been worried sick! Paulus!"
-Who, you and the shovel, Mathias?" Paulus asked back with a faint snicker under his breath while wrapped in his cloak on the ground. His voice fell even softer, his mouth muffle as he whispered an added thought. "Could not have been that boat of a wife..."
"What was that?" Mathias demanded to know, stepping
closer. "You say something? Speak up! Where have you been?" Paulus was silent and still from beneath his cover, ignoring his company for a moment. "I'm trying to sleep," he finally replied, revealing his face with a yawn.
"You look like shit," Mathias said. "What happened? You get into a fight? Trouble? You know what she says about trouble don't you? She won't have it. She won't let you bring trouble here."
"So, don't tell," Paulus replied, shuffling back under cover.
"Don't tell her anything. Better off that way anyway."
Mathias grew visibly angry, his fingers curling, and
becoming a fist. "Where did I put my shovel?"
"I hid it," Paulus quickly replied with a laugh. "Don't want you getting hurt."
"Me getting hurt?" Mathias asked with a laugh of his own, as his eyes combed the barn. "Is that what the bruises on your face are? Me being hurt?"
"There are no bruises," Paulus replied, with a grin. "None whatsoever. And those that were there were from a long time ngo.
And that was unrelated."
"Ugh-huh," Mathias said, obviously unconvinced. "So, why ee you suddenly back?"
"Just needed a place to rest for a few days," Paulus explained. "I will be going back to the city soon. Didn't want to say there, not with the new company I'm forced to be with.
Mostly because of that. You don't have to worry about much from me."
"The city?" Mathias asked. "So, that's where you've been?
And do tell, what were you doing there? Were you doing something important? Or were you drinking, again? I heard about the King's passing."
"As a matter of fact, I found work," Paulus quickly replied.
"Begging isn't work," Mathias replied. "We've been over this before. You can't just claim an alley, or a corner and say you are working. You need to get back to work. You need to get back to doing some good honest work. Something that will do some good for yourself and everyone else. Work like you used to do."
"I'm not a beggar," Paulus explained. "I found some good work."
"You found some good and honest work?" Mathias asked with a loud laugh. "Did you really?"
Paulus was silent for a moment, as he remained still. He lay there, seemingly ignoring the words that had been spoken to him.
"Paulus," Mathias called. "Did you really?"
"Yeah," he finally replied. "Yeah, I found some work."
"So, what's the work?" Mathias asked with a smile, as he sat down and began cracking his joints. "Good work? Going to become an apprentice of something? Back at work with which guild then?"
Paulus was slow to throw off the cover that was his blanket and look his companion in the eyes. "I’m going to procure something for someone. Probably going to rob something for someone."
Mathias was sill, the wont wei, i tim an as hit yo
plazal over. With a shill of his weight, he leaned in close tol shook his head.
" May be lob a val?" Paulus added. "Something to do with some very important women."
o n, grow up!" Mathias stated, "Can you he serious for one in sour lie? You were already branded for shit like that. i was that... I was that that got you living in my burnt My barn!" Ne waved his hands, shaking his head in an attempt to calm himsell,
"Not going to get into this again. Can't afford it..."
"Pine, don't believe me." Paulus replied, "But, I will ho leaving. don't know when, but it will be to go back to the eity and help my employer. Until then, you ean leave my meals at the deer."
"So, let me see if't have this straight then," Mathias said ar he began. "You disappear after the last time. You come back ou of the blue. You have work, but you ean't tell me what it is I'm pretty sure you insulted my wife, again. And what was that abou the food?"
"I want you to leave my menis at the door," Paulus explained. "I have had to spend enough time with one annoying thom in my side.., more like a splinter really and in my neok at that. I do not need to deal with another every time I eat... better make that two, if I count you and your... wife, So, seeing as how that is the case, I think it would be best if I eat alone."
"Why did you say wife like that?" Mathias asked,
"Like what?" Paulus asked back,
"Like that," Mathias explained with a wagging finger. "Like that. That tone, That right there."
"I didn't say anything," Paulus replied with an eyebrow raised and the faint hint of a smile held back, "I think maybe you're finally seeing her for what she is. You know, a few nasty words,"
Mathias said nothing and did not so much as even grow a switch to his eye, "I'm going to find my ahovel now," he explained with a voice as soft as a whisper, as he stood up and moved to leave.
"You haven't asked me how much she is going to pay me," Paulus said, calling after him. "Don't you want to know? I'm sure your wife will...
Only the sound of the dawn whispered in the cold morning air, as Paulus rested with his eyes on the open door. For a while he remained there, though, with a faint chuckle, he turned his attention away and closed his eyes, content to lull to sleep once again. Though, just as he closed his eyes, his ears were filled with a sound that reverberated within him and forced him to stir.
"I found the shovel!"


Chapter 23
The Vote


The whispers of the sing warmth were desperate to away thay remained within its fading warmth were desperate to sway those whose company they desired; if only for the impending nieh.
They called and pulled one afler another, as the stars in the heavens grew brighter and more defined. Yet, as the stars that. would capture the eye silently shimmered, few paid them any attention, as they rushed to escape the cold.
From the shelter of their homes and places of gathered company, they joined one another beside the warmth and light of many flames. They drank, spilling their drinks and the gossip that they had uncovered, as tales ran long and those that listened were blissfully entertained. Yet, within a structure of stone and authority, the gathered wisdom of the Kingdom congregated in force once again.
Their wealth and attires walked hand and hand with the ostentatious display of the decor of the hall. Though, no eyes were distracted by the display and no thoughts displaced by them.
They were all focused on the door that opened for the figure who stood on its other side and the cause for their presence.
With slow steps that sounded like a drum in the deep, a lone figure advanced. An air of confidence surrounded her, as the eyes of the word sas of the Kingdom. Wul a se that could shake the very foundations e, ces King her ey S in the ov seat, she tok her place on her throne, casting her eyes on the room before her and reuming the stares i heads out of a the audacity to look back.
All bowed their heads out of respect and tradition, and in unison were made to stand upright, Istvan, Fodor and his gagale quickly stared at the Queen, as those that opposed them did the same. Silence consumed the room, as all had the singular task of keeping still. Only she, the Queen, could break the suspense she herself had created and return them to their seats.
"I would like to begin by saying to all of you, thank you," Elizabeth said, turning her gaze from one to the next and watching as looks of adoration and impertinence gazed back at her. "I would like to thank you all for the time and dedication you have given this Kingdom, her people, and the very post you occupy. And I say that regardless of the choice you have each decided on. Just as I hope you see me the same way with the choice I have made."
The whispers of all present flowed from one to the next, as they turned their eyes to one another in a brief unofficial respite.
"I know that you have all voted over the past few days,"
Elizabeth continued.
the noise of each other, myself included. And I know that you would all rather be doing something with people closer to your hearts, just as I would, or for that matter, anyone within the Kingdom. Therefore, I ask now, what are the results of your decision? What was the outcome of the vote? Were you finally able to decide?"
Istan held his eyes and felt the gaze of all those in the hall stare at him. With a slight grin and a slow rise, he stood up and called to the attention all those present. "Thank you, my Queen.
Your words are kind, if simple. We are happy to hear from your heart, as well as the confines of your mind. I think I can say for all of us, that you have touched us."
Have of me? in take the Crown." re ou
have demand a new King take followed ni stan epital the nods and chatter of agreement oneded is word by lone. beside him. "We demand that you condee ourself o the role of wife to Wladislaus, the King of Poland. We demand-"
"Demand, you say?" Ulrich interrupted, as he stood to attention. "Should I remind you this is the Queen? She is the authority here! And we have still not come to an agreement!"
"Should we remind you that this is the council," Fodor and low ming into the debate and forcing whispers to bosom and flow. "The authority of the Crown bends to the will of the majority here, as is the law!"
"Do not try and justify it," Ulrich demanded. "You know well and good that you have been coercing those of this council!
Violating the laws and customs that you so eagerly claim to uphold as your own. You are treacherous and I along with many here would call you lot traitors!"
"How dare you?" Fodor shouted back. "You would dare insinuate such a thing? We who have stood for the greatness of only the Kingdom! While you and those old men next to you leave us open to invasion!"
"The greatness of the Kingdom, or the greatness of your coffers?" Ulrich commanded.
A fury of shouts filled the air, both sides taking offence to the words. They cast their fists into the air waving their limbs and forcing their voices to rise to greater heights. It seemed as though blows would be reached, as some went so far as to step across the aisle and meet face to face, as they continued to shout, of which only a few could be heard.
"And let us not forget, that she is our Queen!" Ulrich added, as those on his side of the room agreed fervently with him and the turbulence in the room only blossomed. "And she holds the authority that surpasses each and every one of us!"
120
"Only individually!" Istan replied, rousing his side of the room to greater heights and forcing a confrontation of words to fly back and forth in greater anger, and disagreement. "Not when we collectively come together and make our voice heard!" For a hundred rushed heart beats, the room held its chaos as all followed their passion, though like a hellfire its existence was only short lived, and it eventually simmered and burned away into embers and ash. With panted breaths and tears of sweat falling from them, the councilmen loitered in a calmer state. No longer did shouts leave their lips, no longer did the spouts of wisdom and division shake the air.
"Well, that was an interesting display," Elizabeth said with a smile, letting out a faint laugh, only accentuated by the silence in the hall. "I have not heard such determination in quite some time. I think it was when my husband was still here. That was quite an evening, was it not? My guards had to escort everyone out before we were even done. And the last time I had so many people fighting for my hand, I was a young woman, one with a figure that did not show the birth of two children and a third on the way."
"This is no laughing matter, Queen," Istan hissed, wiping the last of the glistening perspiration from his brow.
"If you were sitting where I was, I think you would find it to be so," Elizabeth replied with another faint laugh. "Especially if it was you who had to marry that man, Wladislaus."
A few snickers filled the air.
"The Kingdom requires a King," Istan stated, trying to suppress the anger from his face, but failing. "Not a woman. Not a Queen. A King. We need one who will be loyal to the cause of sopping the Ottomans. I think we can all agree to that, yes?"
*Loyal to the struggle against the Ottomans, or loyal to the one who got him a new throne?" Ulrich demand.
His words once again riled the spirits of those in the room and forced their hearts and voices to flutter like thunder in a stom. Yet, before the chaos could drown out the world, the fire in the men's faces and hearts were extinguished, and all were silenced.
"Gentlemen," Elizabeth said calling for attention with a calm voice. "Can we please proceed to what it is we are supposed lo do? Or do you all truly wish to stand to waste what time we have by bickering. I might not hold the wisdom of the world in my mind, but I do know that time is the most precious commodity we possess. Let us not waste anymore of it."
A calm sense of order quickly flourished over the hall as the men looked to one another and nodded in agreement.
"Thank you," Elizabeth continued. "As I was saying, we have been in this situation for quite some time. Let us put it to a vote once again and see what the result may be. If no true majority is reached again, well, there is always tomorrow to try and cast the vote again."


Chapter 24
The Letter and the Duchess of Silezia


The light of the early falling sun shone brightly and warm, so much so, that were it another season, it would have been called the fairest of days. Clouds sailed over the horizon, as the gentle embrace of the wind carried them softly to the world's end. All the while, the ice that had seized the land with its fervent grip was slowly, but surely, made weaker as drops were squeezed one after another in its hold.
Though, while no birds sung their melodies of spring, there was another that filled the air with a sweet tune. The faint hum of an angelic voice occupied the warm air, singing like a siren of old, while lounged in her quarters beyond the sight of all save the light. The notes of her voice hung one after another and should there have been any who could hear or listen, they would have prayed to the heavens to slow down time itself.
"My lady," a voice interrupted at the door, pressing her worn, but thick knuckles gently against the timber. "Duchess, I have a letter for you. Just delivered. A pilgrim brought it. I hope you don't mind, but I gave him a meal and a few copper coins." There she stood and waited, the slight coloring of pink on her plump cheeks.
A stence hune in the witor a lor The resone erdie and
slow footsteps sounding. With a. Light the door lock pulid avay and the barier was ops me servant came pouring ou from the room and into the hall, as the servant was forced to aver her eyes from the gold and red glare.
There in the threshold, stood a woman engulfed by the warmth of rays, hugged by the very sun and suspended by i, which only added to her beauty. Her golden hair shimmered with an elegance, grace and the hint of red that called the eyes to fight the glare and endure the sting, as if they gazed upon a flawless ruby. Green eyes entrapped all souls in their embrace, and as it by a spell, was only broken by their closing. The faint kisses ofa few freckles touched her cheeks and might have stolen more attention, had it not been for the lines her body held.
"Did I hear you say you fed a pilgrim?" The Duchess of Silesia asked with her angelic voice, as she lingered in the doorway.
"Ugh, yes, my Lady," she replied. "He was a man. All alone.
And he looked a little cold."
"You did well, Berta," the Duchess Barbara said taking the envelop in her hand with a warm smile. "It's bad luck to turn your back on a pilgrim, regardless of what news they bring. I am glad you did. Did the pilgrim say who sent him? Who is it from?"
"The Queen's seal..." Berta said with eyes wide, growing a smile of her own and a flutter of nods. "It's from the Queen. lis from her."
"Is that right?" Barbara asked with a slight tilt of her head, turning the letter onto its back and staring at the etches in the hardened wax.
"It's the Queen's," Berta said again with another smile.
"So, it seems," Barbara replied. "Y shall read i in prinae. then. As I am sure she would want. Did you know she always addresses me as Barbara in her Waters? She calls me by my ling
what the letter holds."
" Berta said, slightle taken aback with the hint of depointment. " Righo, wehe len, I shall go back to my duty, my With a slight bow she left and pulled the door closed as
The Duchess Barbara sat at her table, her reflection staring Hat at her fiom the mirror, as she toiled once again with her brest and hair. Though, even her own reflection could not keep te silent temptation of the letter's secret at bay for long. Slowly, se lowered the brush and reached for what the pilgrim had brought. She labored with the letter, as it was tuned over again and again, the faint smile already on her lips curving slightly nore. Finally, with a pause, she stared at the seal for a moment, etching the red wax stare back at her. With a soft snap, she trie the seal apart releasing it, and with quick yet gentle work, se undid the folds of the parchment, as the secrets it held within were finally left to escape.
Her eyes quickly glanced over each and every curve of ink, sudying the words and the meaning they bore. Suddenly rising, se pushed away from her table and made her way back to the door pulling it open.
"Berta," she called, casting her head out of the threshold. "I need you."
"Yes?" she replied, quickly rushing back to where she had teen, the glare once again meeting her eyes. "How may I be of service, my lady?"
"I need you to pack up my things," Barbara said. "I will need you to also prepare for my departure."
*Departure?" Berta asked.
"Yes, I have been summoned by the Queen," Barbara alained. "T will be going to Visegrád, and the castle of
Fellega”
"Fellegvar, the one with that Count?" Berta asked, a nervous the to pack?"
Barbara grew a coy smile, tilting her head slightly before letting three notes of a melody leave her lips. "Everything."
"E-everything?" Berta asked in disbelief. "As in..?
"Everything." Barbara replied again with her smile. There will be other women in waiting in attendance. I expect to be bete dressed than all the rest. And for that to happen, I will nod everything."
"But, what about the Queen?" Berta asked back with the hin of fear in her voice.
"Sadly, the Queen will not be in attendance to take me to the
capial Bartara eplained， her smaile and joy unaffeted by te
revelation of the letter. With a sudden turn, she left the threshold and moved back to her quarters and the comfort of her table. Sa I will have to be better dressed than the rest of the women until am before the Queen. And knowing her, she will have something grand planned. She always has. And when whatever it is is revealed to the world, and the eyes of the priests and scholars ar on her, I will have all other eyes on me."
Berta was still for a slight moment, eyes going wide, though before much of a lull could blossom, her fingers fidgeted with uncertainty and she was forced to follow. Though, before so much as a few steps could be taken, she fell still again. "I-uh I think I—| think I must prepare, my Lady."
"Just one thing," Barbara quickly said, stopping her befor she could even move. "I want you to leave the blue gown out for the journey. I wish to wear it when I arrive to Fellegvar."
"The blue one?" Berta asked, raising her hands and gestung at her own chest.
With a coy smile that only grew, Barbara nodded softy D her attention was stolen by a book she had kept waiting. "This one, yes."
Berta lingered with a conflicted expression on her list. continuing to fidget. "I know it is not my place, my Lady, thu Is it not that Count who has accrued a certain repulation with women there?"
"I will deal with him, just as I have dealt with every other one like him." Barbara replied with a coy smile.
"Right, right, right... Berta said as the wrinkles on her face semed to struggle with the tasks. "I will tell the boy to get the other chests ready and a sled for them. And also the carriage. If 1 may, I will take my leave. I have a lot that must be prepared."
"Let me know when you have completed the tasks," Barbara replied. "My presence has been requested for a very impending date. We will have to hurry with everything."
"Yes, my Lady," Berta replied, closing the door and taking her leave once again.
"I pray it is an adventure," Barbara added to herself, returning to her table and tending to her hair with her brush. "I find it more fun when I travel that way."


Chapter 25
The Consequences and an Opportunity


In the company of silence and shadows, Helene stood alone. She watched whatever could distract her and waited for time to pas. as once again the sands of the hourglass dropped from one side of the curve to the other, and the grains tick-tocked against one another. With a stare that scrutinized and screamed of impatience, she waited, while the sands fell and rendered half of the timekeeper empty and the other half full. Though, the grains did not remain there for long.
With a sudden loud and flustered sigh, she rose from her place and marched with the heavy feet of a charging soldier. In an instant she found herself across the room, her hands on the object that held the secret to the length of her waiting. Her nails scratched the clear glass, to no achievement, other than her print being left behind. Though, as the she waited, the faint sound of approaching company pulled her forward.
Helene rushed to the door, the hourglass still in her hand.
Yet, before she could reach to open it, the one she had been waiting for threw it open herself.
"My Queen," Helene said, her expression drawn between joy and concern as she cast her eyes upon her. She opened her mouth to speak again, though there were no words that came forth, only silence.
Elizabeth said nothing, simply walking into her room and finding rest on an empty chair. Her eyes stared out against the wall just as Helene had done moments before. There the two remained, neither able to say a word, as time simply passed them by, unmarked by its passing, unmonitored by an instrument.
"Helene," Elizabeth said with a somber tone, in an instant shifting the weight of her thoughts onto her tongue. let me ask you something."
"Anything," Helene quickly replied.
Elizabeth paused for a moment, while the thoughts that lay on the tip of her tongue were held back. "When your husband...
Your late husband passed... How did you handle getting married again?"
Helene was quiet, reflecting on the words. She remained in the company of only her mind, her tongue pinched between her teeth, until finally, it was released. "I was never one to think about such things happening. All things must pass. Even as a child we know that. The world can be as cruel as it is beautiful.
But, when it did, when cruelty came, the reality of the world fell on me and nearly broke me. I think even you remember that. I think everyone goes through that, if there was love. But, in time, I fell for the man that would be my second husband. And most of all, it was my choice. 'If we have only one thing in life, let it be to have a choice.' My late husband said that."
The winds howled in the dark night; the turbulence of the foul weather stopped only by the barrier of the window. It hollered and scratched at it, though as the glass and its lock shook ever so slightly, it only earned a quick glance.
"The weather has turned foul," Elizabeth said softly, rising from her seat and taking a walk with slow steps from one side of the room to the other. "Thank you, Helene. Thank you, my
friend."
"How did it go?" Helene asked softly, the him of doct apparent.
Elizabeth was silent for a moment, consumed once again i a still state. "We were outmaneuvered in many ways it sem the delay that we have been employing has finally come to an end The majority of the council finally decided that I shall mary.
Can't say that I am surprised. Though, I had hoped it would have gone a different way, if only for a little longer. There is still so much that needs to be done... But, that is life. That is life and now I must think of the best plan to implement in response."
"Forced into another marriage so they can profit for themselves, those bastards!" Helene said as anger gripped her and forced her blood to boil. "We have to do something! We can't have you—"
"Helene," Elizabeth said, as she interrupted and silenced her.
In an instance, her expression changed, as a familiar smile grew on her face and her tone along with it was uplifted. "I accepted the terms. Well, I accepted it by saying I would rather marry a begging Hungarian peasant before I marry the Polish King. Not the form of submission they wanted."
Helene was silent, her eyes growing wide and mouth hanging open. She stood speechless, the faint gasps of her breath all that she could muster to sound. For a while, the scene persisted, as she continued, unable to face the reality, until finally a faint mumble slipped past her lips. "What... what are we going to do?"
Elizabeth gave her a brief look of confusion, though quickly made her way to her side. "Are you alright, Helene, you don't look well."
"I'm fine..." she replied softly, though quickly roused her spirit and her voice along with it. "But that doesn't matter! The only thing that matters is what we are going to do! What are we going to do? God almighty, I don't know what to do!"
"Helene," Elizabeth said with a light laugh, putting her arm around her. "Breath. Calm down."
130
"I...I..." she mumbled back as she was led into a seat. "I'm sorry."
"Don't worry," Elizabeth explained.
"It's just, where does that leave you?" Helene asked. "Where
"I told them, I would marry a peasant from this great kingdom, before I marry the King of another," Elizabeth replied with a laugh. "And they made the same expression that you are making now."
Helene held a look of horror as her expression only shifted to a worse state. "Why does that sound worse the second time?
What about the plan? What about everything else? What about your child?"
"Nothing has changed with anything," Elizabeth calmly replied. "Just means we have something else to contend with."
"Yes, but what about the plan?" Helene asked. "If they want to bring a new King and have voted for it, then what are we going to do about the Crown?"
"We will have to move the plan up, that is all," Elizabeth explained with a subtle roll of indifference from her shoulders.
"We will have to secure the Crown before any action is taken by anyone else."
Helene breathed a heavy sigh, as she struggled to contend herself with the news. "Has the council concluded then?" she finally asked.
"They are still debating," Elizabeth explained. "I'm sure they will continue to do so for the time being, if not a little while longer. But, I know what the end result will be, that is why I decided to depart."
"Are you going to go back?" Helene asked.
"I have a few ears that will be listening for me," Elizabeth replied, moving over to her table and finding comfort by it. "And I will go back for the next session. So, for the rest of the day, I will simply plan for the next step. Will you join me?"
"Of course," Helene said, hurrying over to her side. "Is there anything I can do for you?"
"No, I'm fine, but you know..." Elizabeth began, though trailed off to stare out the window. "In many ways, this has given us an opportunity. Quite a good one."
"An opportunity?" Helene asked back. "I'm—I'm sorry, but I still don't see how it could be."
"The men who have voted in favor for the marriage think that they have won," Elizabeth explained. "They think that this matter is over. They think that there is nothing left to contend with from me, or any of my allies." Her smile grew larger. "I think this will work well. I think this is a good opportunity. And I think it was about time that we met with those two men again."
